/usr/lib/gcc/arm-none-eabi/14.1.0/cc1 -quiet <flags> -o build/modern/src/event_object_movement.o src/event_object_movement.c
In file included from src/data/object_events/object_event_graphics_info.h:2,
                 from src/event_object_movement.c:484:
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Substitute' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPal_Substitute'?
    2 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Substitute, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPal_Substitute
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:8:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Bulbasaur' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Blaine'?
    8 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Bulbasaur, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Blaine
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:11:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Ivysaur' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_DiveBall'?
   11 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Ivysaur, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_DiveBall
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:14:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Venusaur' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Spenser'?
   14 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Venusaur, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Spenser
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:30:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Charmander' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Channeler'?
   30 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Charmander, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Channeler
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:33:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Charmeleon' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Channeler'?
   33 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Charmeleon, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Channeler
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:36:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Charizard' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_ParkBall'?
   36 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Charizard, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_ParkBall
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:55:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Squirtle' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Statue'?
   55 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Squirtle, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Statue
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:58:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Wartortle' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Artist'?
   58 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Wartortle, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Artist
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:61:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Blastoise' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Blaine'?
   61 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Blastoise, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Blaine
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:77:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Caterpie' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Jessie'?
   77 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Caterpie, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Jessie
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:80:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Metapod' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_MewOld'?
   80 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Metapod, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_MewOld
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:83:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Butterfree' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_LumBerryTree'?
   83 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Butterfree, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_LumBerryTree
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:94:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Weedle' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Jessie'?
   94 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Weedle, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Jessie
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:97:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Kakuna' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Bruno'?
   97 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Kakuna, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Bruno
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:100:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Beedrill' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_BeastBall'?
  100 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Beedrill, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_BeastBall
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:111:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Pidgey' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Sidney'?
  111 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Pidgey, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Sidney
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:114:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Pidgeotto' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Scott'?
  114 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Pidgeotto, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Scott
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:117:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Pidgeot' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Sidney'?
  117 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Pidgeot, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Sidney
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:128:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Rattata' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Wattson'?
  128 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Rattata, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Wattson
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:131:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Raticate' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Tate'?
  131 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Raticate, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Tate
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:145:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Spearow' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Spenser'?
  145 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Spearow, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Spenser
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:148:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Fearow' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Leaf'?
  148 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Fearow, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Leaf
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:154:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Ekans' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Juan'?
  154 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Ekans, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Juan
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:157:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Arbok' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Truck'?
  157 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Arbok, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Truck
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:164:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Pichu' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Misty'?
  164 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Pichu, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Misty
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:167:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_PichuSpikyEared' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_PechaBerryTree'?
  167 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_PichuSpikyEared, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_PechaBerryTree
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:171:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Pikachu' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_PikachuOld'?
  171 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Pikachu, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_PikachuOld
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:228:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Raichu' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Sailor'?
  228 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Raichu, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Sailor
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:239:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Sandshrew' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Soldier'?
  239 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Sandshrew, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Soldier
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:242:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Sandslash' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Grandma'?
  242 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Sandslash, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Grandma
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:256:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_NidoranF' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Noland'?
  256 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_NidoranF, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Noland
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:259:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Nidorina' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Winona'?
  259 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Nidorina, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Winona
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:262:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Nidoqueen' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Big_Green'?
  262 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Nidoqueen, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Big_Green
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:265:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_NidoranM' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Noland'?
  265 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_NidoranM, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Noland
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:268:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Nidorino' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Bruno'?
  268 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Nidorino, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Bruno
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:271:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Nidoking' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Noland'?
  271 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Nidoking, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Noland
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:278:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Cleffa' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Chef'?
  278 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Cleffa, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Chef
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:282:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Clefairy' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_ClefairyDoll'?
  282 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Clefairy, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_ClefairyDoll
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:285:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Clefable' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Chef'?
  285 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Clefable, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Chef
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:291:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Vulpix' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Soldier'?
  291 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Vulpix, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Soldier
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:294:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Ninetales' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_DiveBall'?
  294 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Ninetales, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_DiveBall
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:309:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Igglybuff' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_JigglypuffDoll'?
  309 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Igglybuff, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_JigglypuffDoll
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:313:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Jigglypuff' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_JigglypuffDoll'?
  313 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Jigglypuff, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_JigglypuffDoll
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:316:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Wigglytuff' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_JigglypuffDoll'?
  316 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Wigglytuff, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_JigglypuffDoll
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:322:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Zubat' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Juan'?
  322 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Zubat, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Juan
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:325:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Golbat' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Noland'?
  325 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Golbat, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Noland
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:329:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Crobat' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_ProfOak'?
  329 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Crobat, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_ProfOak
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:336:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Oddish' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Artist'?
  336 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Oddish, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Artist
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:339:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Gloom' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Mom'?
  339 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Gloom, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Mom
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:342:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Vileplume' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Blue'?
  342 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Vileplume, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Blue
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:346:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Bellossom' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Jessie'?
  346 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Bellossom, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Jessie
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:353:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Paras' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_James'?
  353 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Paras, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_James
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:356:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Parasect' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_ParkBall'?
  356 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Parasect, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_ParkBall
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:362:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Venonat' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Winona'?
  362 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Venonat, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Winona
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:365:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Venomoth' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPal_Vigoroth'?
  365 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Venomoth, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPal_Vigoroth
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:371:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Diglett' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_BigRed'?
  371 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Diglett, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_BigRed
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:374:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Dugtrio' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Regi'?
  374 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Dugtrio, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Regi
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:388:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Meowth' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Misty'?
  388 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Meowth, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Misty
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:391:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Persian' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Jessie'?
  391 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Persian, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Jessie
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:420:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Psyduck' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Truck'?
  420 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Psyduck, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Truck
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:423:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Golduck' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Soldier'?
  423 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Golduck, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Soldier
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:429:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Mankey' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Maxie'?
  429 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Mankey, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Maxie
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:432:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Primeape' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_ProfOak'?
  432 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Primeape, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_ProfOak
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:443:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Growlithe' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Greta'?
  443 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Growlithe, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Greta
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:446:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Arcanine' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Archie'?
  446 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Arcanine, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Archie
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:460:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Poliwag' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Policeman'?
  460 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Poliwag, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Policeman
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:463:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Poliwhirl' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Policeman'?
  463 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Poliwhirl, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Policeman
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:466:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Poliwrath' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Policeman'?
  466 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Poliwrath, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Policeman
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:470:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Politoed' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_BigRed'?
  470 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Politoed, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_BigRed
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:478:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Abra' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Liza'?
  478 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Abra, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Liza
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:481:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Kadabra' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Anabel'?
  481 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Kadabra, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Anabel
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:484:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Alakazam' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Glacia'?
  484 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Alakazam, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Glacia
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:495:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Machop' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Mom'?
  495 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Machop, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Mom
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:498:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Machoke' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Maxie'?
  498 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Machoke, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Maxie
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:501:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Machamp' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Maniac'?
  501 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Machamp, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Maniac
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:512:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Bellsprout' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_BeastBall'?
  512 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Bellsprout, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_BeastBall
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:515:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Weepinbell' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_GulpinDoll'?
  515 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Weepinbell, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_GulpinDoll
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:518:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Victreebel' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_LittleGirl'?
  518 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Victreebel, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_LittleGirl
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:524:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Tentacool' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_NestBall'?
  524 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Tentacool, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_NestBall
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:527:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Tentacruel' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Anabel'?
  527 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Tentacruel, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Anabel
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:533:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Geodude' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Jessie'?
  533 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Geodude, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Jessie
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:536:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Graveler' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Green'?
  536 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Graveler, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Green
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:539:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Golem' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Green'?
  539 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Golem, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Green
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:556:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Ponyta' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Greta'?
  556 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Ponyta, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Greta
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:559:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Rapidash' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_SSTidal'?
  559 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Rapidash, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_SSTidal
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:573:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Slowpoke' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Cook'?
  573 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Slowpoke, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Cook
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:576:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Slowbro' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Soldier'?
  576 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Slowbro, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Soldier
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:580:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Slowking' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Soldier'?
  580 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Slowking, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Soldier
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:607:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Magnemite' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Maxie'?
  607 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Magnemite, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Maxie
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:610:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Magneton' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Brandon'?
  610 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Magneton, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Brandon
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:614:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Magnezone' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Brandon'?
  614 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Magnezone, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Brandon
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:621:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Farfetchd' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Greta'?
  621 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Farfetchd, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Greta
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:635:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Doduo' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Bruno'?
  635 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Doduo, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Bruno
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:638:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Dodrio' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Fossil'?
  638 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Dodrio, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Fossil
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:644:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Seel' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Green'?
  644 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Seel, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Green
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:647:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Dewgong' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_MewOld'?
  647 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Dewgong, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_MewOld
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:653:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Grimer' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Green'?
  653 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Grimer, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Green
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:656:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Muk' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Mom'?
  656 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Muk, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Mom
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:670:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Shellder' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Soldier'?
  670 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Shellder, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Soldier
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:673:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Cloyster' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Worker'?
  673 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Cloyster, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Worker
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:679:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Gastly' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Misty'?
  679 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Gastly, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Misty
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:682:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Haunter' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Spenser'?
  682 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Haunter, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Spenser
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:685:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Gengar' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Greta'?
  685 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Gengar, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Greta
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:701:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Onix' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Twin'?
  701 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Onix, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Twin
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:705:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Steelix' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Steven'?
  705 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Steelix, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Steven
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:717:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Drowzee' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Drake'?
  717 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Drowzee, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Drake
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:720:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Hypno' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Bruno'?
  720 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Hypno, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Bruno
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:726:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Krabby' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Brawly'?
  726 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Krabby, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Brawly
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:729:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Kingler' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_BigRed'?
  729 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Kingler, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_BigRed
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:740:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Voltorb' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Worker'?
  740 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Voltorb, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Worker
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:743:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Electrode' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_NestBall'?
  743 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Electrode, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_NestBall
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:757:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Exeggcute' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Beauty'?
  757 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Exeggcute, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Beauty
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:760:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Exeggutor' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Beauty'?
  760 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Exeggutor, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Beauty
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:771:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Cubone' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Blaine'?
  771 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Cubone, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Blaine
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:774:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Marowak' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_ProfOak'?
  774 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Marowak, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_ProfOak
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:786:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Tyrogue' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Blue'?
  786 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Tyrogue, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Blue
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:790:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Hitmonlee' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_DittoDoll'?
  790 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Hitmonlee, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_DittoDoll
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:793:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Hitmonchan' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Winona'?
  793 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Hitmonchan, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Winona
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:797:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Hitmontop' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_DittoDoll'?
  797 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Hitmontop, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_DittoDoll
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:804:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Lickitung' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Rocket_F'?
  804 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Lickitung, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Rocket_F
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:808:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Lickilicky' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Picnicker'?
  808 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Lickilicky, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Picnicker
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:815:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Koffing' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Soldier'?
  815 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Koffing, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Soldier
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:818:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Weezing' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Green'?
  818 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Weezing, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Green
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:829:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Rhyhorn' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Rocker'?
  829 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Rhyhorn, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Rocker
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:832:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Rhydon' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Brandon'?
  832 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Rhydon, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Brandon
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:836:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Rhyperior' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Rocker'?
  836 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Rhyperior, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Rocker
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:845:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Happiny' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Blaine'?
  845 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Happiny, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Blaine
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:849:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Chansey' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Chef'?
  849 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Chansey, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Chef
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:853:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Blissey' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_BigRed'?
  853 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Blissey, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_BigRed
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:860:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Tangela' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Anabel'?
  860 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Tangela, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Anabel
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:864:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Tangrowth' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Tate'?
  864 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Tangrowth, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Tate
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:872:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Kangaskhan' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Wattson'?
  872 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Kangaskhan, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Wattson
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:883:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Horsea' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Worker'?
  883 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Horsea, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Worker
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:886:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Seadra' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Teala'?
  886 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Seadra, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Teala
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:890:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Kingdra' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Winona'?
  890 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Kingdra, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Winona
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:897:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Goldeen' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Green'?
  897 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Goldeen, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Green
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:900:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Seaking' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Blaine'?
  900 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Seaking, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Blaine
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:906:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Staryu' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Statue'?
  906 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Staryu, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Statue
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:909:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Starmie' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Statue'?
  909 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Starmie, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Statue
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:916:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_MimeJr' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Biker'?
  916 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_MimeJr, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Biker
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:920:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_MrMime' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Maxie'?
  920 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_MrMime, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Maxie
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:934:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Scyther' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Soldier'?
  934 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Scyther, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Soldier
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:938:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Scizor' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Sailor'?
  938 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Scizor, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Sailor
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:949:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Kleavor' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Leaf'?
  949 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Kleavor, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Leaf
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:957:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Smoochum' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_SmoochumDoll'?
  957 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Smoochum, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_SmoochumDoll
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:961:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Jynx' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Juan'?
  961 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Jynx, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Juan
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:968:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Elekid' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Red'?
  968 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Elekid, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Red
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:972:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Electabuzz' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Greta'?
  972 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Electabuzz, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Greta
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:976:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Electivire' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Jessie'?
  976 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Electivire, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Jessie
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:984:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Magby' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Misty'?
  984 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Magby, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Misty
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:988:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Magmar' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Maniac'?
  988 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Magmar, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Maniac
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:992:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Magmortar' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_MasterBall'?
  992 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Magmortar, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_MasterBall
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:999:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Pinsir' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Spenser'?
  999 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Pinsir, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Spenser
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1010:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Tauros' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Bruno'?
 1010 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Tauros, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Bruno
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1027:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Magikarp' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Maniac'?
 1027 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Magikarp, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Maniac
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1030:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Gyarados' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Grandma'?
 1030 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Gyarados, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Grandma
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1041:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Lapras' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Lass'?
 1041 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Lapras, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Lass
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1052:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Ditto' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Misty'?
 1052 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Ditto, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Misty
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1058:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Eevee' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Steven'?
 1058 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Eevee, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Steven
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1067:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Vaporeon' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Green'?
 1067 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Vaporeon, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Green
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1070:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Jolteon' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Wattson'?
 1070 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Jolteon, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Wattson
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1073:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Flareon' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Green'?
 1073 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Flareon, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Green
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1077:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Espeon' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Green'?
 1077 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Espeon, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Green
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1080:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Umbreon' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Green'?
 1080 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Umbreon, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Green
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1086:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Leafeon' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Leaf'?
 1086 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Leafeon, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Leaf
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1089:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Glaceon' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Glacia'?
 1089 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Glaceon, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Glacia
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1095:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Sylveon' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Steven'?
 1095 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Sylveon, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Steven
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1102:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Porygon' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Norman'?
 1102 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Porygon, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Norman
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1106:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Porygon2' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Norman'?
 1106 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Porygon2, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Norman
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1110:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_PorygonZ' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Norman'?
 1110 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_PorygonZ, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Norman
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1118:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Omanyte' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Tate'?
 1118 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Omanyte, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Tate
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1121:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Omastar' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Misty'?
 1121 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Omastar, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Misty
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1127:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Kabuto' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Bruno'?
 1127 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Kabuto, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Bruno
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1130:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Kabutops' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Bruno'?
 1130 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Kabutops, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Bruno
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1136:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Aerodactyl' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Beauty'?
 1136 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Aerodactyl, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Beauty
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1148:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Munchlax' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Maniac'?
 1148 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Munchlax, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Maniac
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1152:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Snorlax' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Norman'?
 1152 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Snorlax, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Norman
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1163:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Articuno' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Bruno'?
 1163 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Articuno, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Bruno
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1174:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Zapdos' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_James'?
 1174 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Zapdos, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_James
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1185:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Moltres' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Soldier'?
 1185 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Moltres, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Soldier
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1196:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Dratini' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Blaine'?
 1196 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Dratini, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Blaine
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1199:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Dragonair' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_DreamBall'?
 1199 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Dragonair, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_DreamBall
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1202:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Dragonite' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Drake'?
 1202 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Dragonite, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Drake
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1208:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Mewtwo' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_MewOld'?
 1208 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Mewtwo, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_MewOld
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1222:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Mew' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Red'?
 1222 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Mew, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Red
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1228:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Chikorita' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_ChikoritaDoll'?
 1228 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Chikorita, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_ChikoritaDoll
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1231:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Bayleef' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Blue'?
 1231 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Bayleef, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Blue
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1234:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Meganium' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Maniac'?
 1234 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Meganium, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Maniac
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1240:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Cyndaquil' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_CyndaquilDoll'?
 1240 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Cyndaquil, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_CyndaquilDoll
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1243:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Quilava' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_QuickBall'?
 1243 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Quilava, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_QuickBall
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1246:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Typhlosion' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_FireCushion'?
 1246 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Typhlosion, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_FireCushion
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1257:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Totodile' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_TotodileDoll'?
 1257 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Totodile, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_TotodileDoll
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1260:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Croconaw' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_ProfOak'?
 1260 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Croconaw, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_ProfOak
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1263:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Feraligatr' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_HealBall'?
 1263 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Feraligatr, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_HealBall
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1269:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Sentret' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Spenser'?
 1269 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Sentret, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Spenser
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1272:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Furret' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Nurse'?
 1272 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Furret, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Nurse
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1278:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Hoothoot' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_HoOhOld'?
 1278 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Hoothoot, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_HoOhOld
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1281:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Noctowl' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_NestBall'?
 1281 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Noctowl, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_NestBall
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1287:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Ledyba' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Lucy'?
 1287 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Ledyba, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Lucy
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1290:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Ledian' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Leaf'?
 1290 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Ledian, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Leaf
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1296:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Spinarak' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Spenser'?
 1296 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Spinarak, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Spenser
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1299:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Ariados' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Brandon'?
 1299 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Ariados, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Brandon
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1305:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Chinchou' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_RichBoy'?
 1305 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Chinchou, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_RichBoy
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1308:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Lanturn' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Wattson'?
 1308 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Lanturn, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Wattson
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1314:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Togepi' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Lorelei'?
 1314 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Togepi, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Lorelei
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1317:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Togetic' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Lorelei'?
 1317 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Togetic, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Lorelei
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1321:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Togekiss' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_TogepiDoll'?
 1321 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Togekiss, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_TogepiDoll
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1328:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Natu' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Tate'?
 1328 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Natu, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Tate
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1331:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Xatu' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Tate'?
 1331 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Xatu, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Tate
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1337:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Mareep' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Green'?
 1337 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Mareep, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Green
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1340:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Flaaffy' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Flannery'?
 1340 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Flaaffy, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Flannery
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1343:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Ampharos' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Camper'?
 1343 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Ampharos, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Camper
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1355:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Azurill' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_AzurillOld'?
 1355 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Azurill, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_AzurillOld
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1359:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Marill' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Maxie'?
 1359 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Marill, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Maxie
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1362:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Azumarill' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_AzumarillOld'?
 1362 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Azumarill, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_AzumarillOld
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1369:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Bonsly' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Brawly'?
 1369 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Bonsly, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Brawly
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1373:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Sudowoodo' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_SudowoodoTree'?
 1373 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Sudowoodo, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_SudowoodoTree
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1379:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Hoppip' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Fossil'?
 1379 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Hoppip, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Fossil
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1382:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Skiploom' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Sailor'?
 1382 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Skiploom, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Sailor
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1385:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Jumpluff' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_James'?
 1385 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Jumpluff, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_James
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1391:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Aipom' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Mom'?
 1391 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Aipom, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Mom
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1395:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Ambipom' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Mom'?
 1395 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Ambipom, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Mom
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1403:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Sunkern' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Tucker'?
 1403 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Sunkern, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Tucker
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1406:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Sunflora' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Sailor'?
 1406 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Sunflora, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Sailor
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1412:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Yanma' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Grandma'?
 1412 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Yanma, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Grandma
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1416:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Yanmega' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_James'?
 1416 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Yanmega, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_James
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1423:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Wooper' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Worker'?
 1423 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Wooper, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Worker
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1426:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Quagsire' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Jessie'?
 1426 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Quagsire, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Jessie
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1440:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Murkrow' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Bruno'?
 1440 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Murkrow, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Bruno
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1444:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Honchkrow' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Rocker'?
 1444 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Honchkrow, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Rocker
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1451:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Misdreavus' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_TimerBall'?
 1451 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Misdreavus, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_TimerBall
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1455:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Mismagius' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Misty'?
 1455 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Mismagius, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Misty
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1462:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_UnownA' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Winona'?
 1462 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_UnownA, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Winona
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1465:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_UnownB' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Winona'?
 1465 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_UnownB, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Winona
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1468:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_UnownC' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Winona'?
 1468 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_UnownC, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Winona
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1471:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_UnownD' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Noland'?
 1471 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_UnownD, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Noland
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1474:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_UnownE' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Winona'?
 1474 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_UnownE, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Winona
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1477:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_UnownF' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Winona'?
 1477 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_UnownF, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Winona
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1480:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_UnownG' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Winona'?
 1480 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_UnownG, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Winona
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1483:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_UnownH' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Winona'?
 1483 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_UnownH, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Winona
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1486:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_UnownI' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Winona'?
 1486 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_UnownI, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Winona
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1489:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_UnownJ' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Winona'?
 1489 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_UnownJ, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Winona
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1492:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_UnownK' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Winona'?
 1492 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_UnownK, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Winona
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1495:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_UnownL' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Winona'?
 1495 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_UnownL, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Winona
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1498:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_UnownM' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Winona'?
 1498 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_UnownM, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Winona
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1501:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_UnownN' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Winona'?
 1501 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_UnownN, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Winona
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1504:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_UnownO' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Winona'?
 1504 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_UnownO, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Winona
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1507:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_UnownP' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Winona'?
 1507 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_UnownP, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Winona
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1510:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_UnownQ' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Winona'?
 1510 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_UnownQ, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Winona
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1513:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_UnownR' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Winona'?
 1513 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_UnownR, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Winona
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1516:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_UnownS' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Winona'?
 1516 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_UnownS, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Winona
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1519:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_UnownT' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Winona'?
 1519 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_UnownT, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Winona
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1522:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_UnownU' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Winona'?
 1522 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_UnownU, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Winona
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1525:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_UnownV' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Winona'?
 1525 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_UnownV, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Winona
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1528:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_UnownW' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Winona'?
 1528 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_UnownW, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Winona
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1531:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_UnownX' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Winona'?
 1531 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_UnownX, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Winona
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1534:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_UnownY' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Winona'?
 1534 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_UnownY, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Winona
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1537:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_UnownZ' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Winona'?
 1537 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_UnownZ, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Winona
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1540:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_UnownExclamationMark' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_UnionRoomAttendant'?
 1540 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_UnownExclamationMark, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_UnionRoomAttendant
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1543:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_UnownQuestionMark' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_UnusedWoman'?
 1543 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_UnownQuestionMark, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_UnusedWoman
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1550:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Wynaut' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_WynautDoll'?
 1550 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Wynaut, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_WynautDoll
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1554:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Wobbuffet' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Worker'?
 1554 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Wobbuffet, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Worker
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1560:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Girafarig' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Giovanni'?
 1560 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Girafarig, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Giovanni
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1571:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Pineco' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Biker'?
 1571 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Pineco, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Biker
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1574:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Forretress' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Worker'?
 1574 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Forretress, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Worker
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1580:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Dunsparce' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_DuskBall'?
 1580 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Dunsparce, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_DuskBall
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1593:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Gligar' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Liza'?
 1593 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Gligar, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Liza
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1597:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Gliscor' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Glacia'?
 1597 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Gliscor, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Glacia
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1604:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Snubbull' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_NetBall'?
 1604 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Snubbull, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_NetBall
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1607:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Granbull' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_GreatBall'?
 1607 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Granbull, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_GreatBall
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1613:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Qwilfish' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Soldier'?
 1613 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Qwilfish, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Soldier
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1627:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Shuckle' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Tucker'?
 1627 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Shuckle, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Tucker
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1633:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Heracross' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_HealBall'?
 1633 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Heracross, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_HealBall
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1644:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Sneasel' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Spenser'?
 1644 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Sneasel, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Spenser
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1648:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Weavile' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Jessie'?
 1648 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Weavile, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Jessie
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1665:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Teddiursa' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Soldier'?
 1665 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Teddiursa, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Soldier
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1668:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Ursaring' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Blaine'?
 1668 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Ursaring, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Blaine
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1672:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Ursaluna' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Bruno'?
 1672 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Ursaluna, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Bruno
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1675:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_UrsalunaBloodmoon' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Brandon'?
 1675 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_UrsalunaBloodmoon, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Brandon
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1682:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Slugma' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Blue'?
 1682 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Slugma, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Blue
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1685:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Magcargo' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Maniac'?
 1685 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Magcargo, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Maniac
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1691:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Swinub' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Twin'?
 1691 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Swinub, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Twin
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1694:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Piloswine' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Blaine'?
 1694 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Piloswine, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Blaine
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1698:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Mamoswine' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Maxie'?
 1698 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Mamoswine, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Maxie
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1706:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Corsola' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Fossil'?
 1706 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Corsola, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Fossil
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1720:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Remoraid' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Noland'?
 1720 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Remoraid, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Noland
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1723:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Octillery' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Biker'?
 1723 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Octillery, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Biker
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1729:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Delibird' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_BigRed'?
 1729 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Delibird, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_BigRed
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1736:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Mantyke' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Misty'?
 1736 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Mantyke, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Misty
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1740:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Mantine' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Maxie'?
 1740 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Mantine, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Maxie
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1746:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Skarmory' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Sailor'?
 1746 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Skarmory, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Sailor
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1752:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Houndour' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Bruno'?
 1752 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Houndour, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Bruno
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1755:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Houndoom' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Bruno'?
 1755 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Houndoom, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Bruno
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1766:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Phanpy' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Juan'?
 1766 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Phanpy, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Juan
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1769:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Donphan' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Norman'?
 1769 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Donphan, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Norman
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1775:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Stantler' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Statue'?
 1775 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Stantler, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Statue
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1779:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Wyrdeer' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Worker'?
 1779 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Wyrdeer, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Worker
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1786:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Smeargle' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Statue'?
 1786 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Smeargle, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Statue
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1792:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Miltank' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Misty'?
 1792 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Miltank, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Misty
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1798:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Raikou' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Sailor'?
 1798 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Raikou, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Sailor
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1804:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Entei' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Tate'?
 1804 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Entei, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Tate
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1810:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Suicune' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Statue'?
 1810 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Suicune, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Statue
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1816:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Larvitar' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Greta'?
 1816 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Larvitar, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Greta
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1819:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Pupitar' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_ProfOak'?
 1819 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Pupitar, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_ProfOak
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1822:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Tyranitar' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Grandma'?
 1822 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Tyranitar, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Grandma
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1833:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Lugia' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPal_Lugia'?
 1833 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Lugia, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPal_Lugia
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1839:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_HoOh' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPal_HoOh'?
 1839 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_HoOh, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPal_HoOh
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1845:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Celebi' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Chef'?
 1845 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Celebi, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Chef
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1851:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Treecko' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Truck'?
 1851 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Treecko, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Truck
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1854:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Grovyle' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Green'?
 1854 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Grovyle, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Green
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1857:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Sceptile' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Jessie'?
 1857 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Sceptile, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Jessie
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1868:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Torchic' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Archie'?
 1868 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Torchic, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Archie
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1871:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Combusken' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Worker'?
 1871 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Combusken, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Worker
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1874:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Blaziken' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Blaine'?
 1874 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Blaziken, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Blaine
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1885:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Mudkip' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Tucker'?
 1885 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Mudkip, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Tucker
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1888:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Marshtomp' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Misty'?
 1888 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Marshtomp, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Misty
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1891:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Swampert' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_SwimmerF'?
 1891 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Swampert, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_SwimmerF
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1902:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Poochyena' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPal_Poochyena'?
 1902 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Poochyena, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPal_Poochyena
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1905:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Mightyena' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Misty'?
 1905 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Mightyena, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Misty
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1911:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Zigzagoon' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_ZigzagoonOld'?
 1911 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Zigzagoon, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_ZigzagoonOld
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1914:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Linoone' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Winona'?
 1914 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Linoone, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Winona
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1931:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Wurmple' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Nurse'?
 1931 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Wurmple, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Nurse
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1934:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Silcoon' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Scott'?
 1934 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Silcoon, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Scott
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1937:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Beautifly' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Beauty'?
 1937 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Beautifly, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Beauty
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1940:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Cascoon' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Wattson'?
 1940 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Cascoon, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Wattson
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1943:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Dustox' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Misty'?
 1943 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Dustox, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Misty
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1949:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Lotad' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Noland'?
 1949 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Lotad, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Noland
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1952:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Lombre' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Worker'?
 1952 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Lombre, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Worker
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1955:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Ludicolo' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_LugiaOld'?
 1955 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Ludicolo, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_LugiaOld
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1961:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Seedot' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Red'?
 1961 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Seedot, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Red
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1964:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Nuzleaf' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Leaf'?
 1964 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Nuzleaf, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Leaf
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1967:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Shiftry' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Misty'?
 1967 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Shiftry, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Misty
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1973:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Taillow' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Sailor'?
 1973 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Taillow, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Sailor
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1976:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Swellow' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_BigYellow'?
 1976 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Swellow, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_BigYellow
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1982:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Wingull' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_WingullOld'?
 1982 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Wingull, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_WingullOld
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1985:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Pelipper' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Biker'?
 1985 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Pelipper, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Biker
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1991:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Ralts' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_James'?
 1991 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Ralts, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_James
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1994:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Kirlia' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_KirliaOld'?
 1994 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Kirlia, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_KirliaOld
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:1997:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Gardevoir' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Green'?
 1997 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Gardevoir, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Green
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2007:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Gallade' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Wallace'?
 2007 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Gallade, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Wallace
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2019:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Surskit' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Nurse'?
 2019 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Surskit, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Nurse
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2022:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Masquerain' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_MasterBall'?
 2022 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Masquerain, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_MasterBall
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2028:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Shroomish' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Soldier'?
 2028 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Shroomish, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Soldier
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2031:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Breloom' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Bruno'?
 2031 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Breloom, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Bruno
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2037:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Slakoth' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Scott'?
 2037 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Slakoth, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Scott
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2040:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Vigoroth' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPal_Vigoroth'?
 2040 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Vigoroth, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPal_Vigoroth
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2043:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Slaking' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Blaine'?
 2043 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Slaking, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Blaine
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2049:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Nincada' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Winona'?
 2049 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Nincada, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Winona
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2052:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Ninjask' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_NinjaBoy'?
 2052 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Ninjask, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_NinjaBoy
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2055:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Shedinja' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Soldier'?
 2055 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Shedinja, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Soldier
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2061:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Whismur' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Hiker'?
 2061 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Whismur, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Hiker
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2064:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Loudred' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Soldier'?
 2064 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Loudred, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Soldier
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2067:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Exploud' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_ExpertF'?
 2067 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Exploud, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_ExpertF
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2073:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Makuhita' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Maxie'?
 2073 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Makuhita, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Maxie
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2076:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Hariyama' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_ParkBall'?
 2076 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Hariyama, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_ParkBall
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2082:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Nosepass' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_LoveBall'?
 2082 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Nosepass, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_LoveBall
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2086:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Probopass' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_ProfOak'?
 2086 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Probopass, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_ProfOak
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2093:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Skitty' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Misty'?
 2093 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Skitty, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Misty
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2096:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Delcatty' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Beauty'?
 2096 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Delcatty, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Beauty
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2102:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Sableye' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_CableCar'?
 2102 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Sableye, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_CableCar
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2113:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Mawile' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Maxie'?
 2113 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Mawile, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Maxie
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2124:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Aron' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Bruno'?
 2124 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Aron, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Bruno
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2127:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Lairon' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Sailor'?
 2127 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Lairon, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Sailor
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2130:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Aggron' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_BigRed'?
 2130 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Aggron, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_BigRed
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2141:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Meditite' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Misty'?
 2141 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Meditite, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Misty
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2144:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Medicham' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Maniac'?
 2144 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Medicham, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Maniac
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2155:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Electrike' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Jessie'?
 2155 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Electrike, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Jessie
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2158:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Manectric' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Maniac'?
 2158 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Manectric, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Maniac
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2169:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Plusle' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Blue'?
 2169 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Plusle, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Blue
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2175:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Minun' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Misty'?
 2175 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Minun, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Misty
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2181:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Volbeat' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Leaf'?
 2181 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Volbeat, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Leaf
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2184:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Illumise' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Blaine'?
 2184 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Illumise, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Blaine
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2191:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Budew' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Biker'?
 2191 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Budew, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Biker
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2195:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Roselia' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Lorelei'?
 2195 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Roselia, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Lorelei
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2199:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Roserade' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_LoveBall'?
 2199 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Roserade, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_LoveBall
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2207:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Gulpin' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Green'?
 2207 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Gulpin, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Green
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2210:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Swalot' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Sailor'?
 2210 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Swalot, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Sailor
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2216:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Carvanha' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Giovanni'?
 2216 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Carvanha, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Giovanni
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2219:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Sharpedo' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Statue'?
 2219 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Sharpedo, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Statue
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2230:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Wailmer' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Sailor'?
 2230 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Wailmer, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Sailor
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2233:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Wailord' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Sailor'?
 2233 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Wailord, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Sailor
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2239:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Numel' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_James'?
 2239 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Numel, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_James
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2242:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Camerupt' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Cameraman'?
 2242 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Camerupt, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Cameraman
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2253:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Torkoal' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_ParkBall'?
 2253 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Torkoal, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_ParkBall
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2259:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Spoink' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Blaine'?
 2259 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Spoink, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Blaine
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2262:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Grumpig' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Bruno'?
 2262 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Grumpig, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Bruno
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2268:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Spinda' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Grandma'?
 2268 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Spinda, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Grandma
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2274:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Trapinch' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Blaine'?
 2274 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Trapinch, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Blaine
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2277:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Vibrava' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Greta'?
 2277 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Vibrava, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Greta
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2280:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Flygon' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_OldMan'?
 2280 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Flygon, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_OldMan
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2286:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Cacnea' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Camper'?
 2286 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Cacnea, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Camper
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2289:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Cacturne' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Lt_Surge'?
 2289 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Cacturne, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Lt_Surge
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2295:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Swablu' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Wally'?
 2295 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Swablu, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Wally
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2298:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Altaria' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Glacia'?
 2298 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Altaria, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Glacia
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2309:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Zangoose' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Nurse'?
 2309 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Zangoose, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Nurse
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2315:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Seviper' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Biker'?
 2315 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Seviper, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Biker
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2321:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Lunatone' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Blaine'?
 2321 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Lunatone, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Blaine
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2327:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Solrock' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Soldier'?
 2327 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Solrock, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Soldier
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2333:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Barboach' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_ParkBall'?
 2333 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Barboach, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_ParkBall
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2336:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Whiscash' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Misty'?
 2336 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Whiscash, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Misty
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2342:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Corphish' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Archie'?
 2342 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Corphish, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Archie
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2345:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Crawdaunt' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Brandon'?
 2345 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Crawdaunt, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Brandon
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2351:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Baltoy' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Wally'?
 2351 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Baltoy, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Wally
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2354:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Claydol' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Brandon'?
 2354 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Claydol, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Brandon
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2360:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Lileep' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_BigRed'?
 2360 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Lileep, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_BigRed
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2363:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Cradily' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Brawly'?
 2363 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Cradily, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Brawly
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2369:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Anorith' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Norman'?
 2369 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Anorith, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Norman
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2372:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Armaldo' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Brandon'?
 2372 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Armaldo, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Brandon
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2378:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Feebas' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Greta'?
 2378 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Feebas, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Greta
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2381:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Milotic' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Misty'?
 2381 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Milotic, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Misty
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2387:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_CastformNormal' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_MasterBall'?
 2387 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_CastformNormal, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_MasterBall
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2390:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_CastformSunny' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_MasterBall'?
 2390 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_CastformSunny, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_MasterBall
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2393:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_CastformRainy' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_MasterBall'?
 2393 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_CastformRainy, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_MasterBall
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2396:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_CastformSnowy' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_MasterBall'?
 2396 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_CastformSnowy, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_MasterBall
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2402:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Kecleon' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_KecleonOld'?
 2402 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Kecleon, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_KecleonOld
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2408:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Shuppet' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Chef'?
 2408 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Shuppet, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Chef
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2411:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Banette' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Tate'?
 2411 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Banette, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Tate
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2422:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Duskull' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_DuskBall'?
 2422 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Duskull, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_DuskBall
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2425:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Dusclops' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_DusclopsOld'?
 2425 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Dusclops, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_DusclopsOld
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2429:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Dusknoir' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_DuskBall'?
 2429 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Dusknoir, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_DuskBall
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2436:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Tropius' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_ProfOak'?
 2436 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Tropius, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_ProfOak
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2443:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Chingling' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Channeler'?
 2443 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Chingling, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Channeler
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2447:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Chimecho' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Chef'?
 2447 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Chimecho, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Chef
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2453:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Absol' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Misty'?
 2453 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Absol, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Misty
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2464:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Snorunt' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Bruno'?
 2464 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Snorunt, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Bruno
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2467:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Glalie' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Glacia'?
 2467 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Glalie, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Glacia
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2477:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Froslass' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Lass'?
 2477 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Froslass, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Lass
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2484:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Spheal' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Chef'?
 2484 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Spheal, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Chef
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2487:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Sealeo' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Teala'?
 2487 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Sealeo, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Teala
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2490:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Walrein' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Green'?
 2490 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Walrein, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Green
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2496:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Clamperl' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Camper'?
 2496 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Clamperl, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Camper
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2499:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Huntail' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_MoonBall'?
 2499 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Huntail, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_MoonBall
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2502:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Gorebyss' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Green'?
 2502 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Gorebyss, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Green
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2508:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Relicanth' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Policeman'?
 2508 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Relicanth, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Policeman
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2514:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Luvdisc' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Soldier'?
 2514 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Luvdisc, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Soldier
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2520:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Bagon' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Bruno'?
 2520 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Bagon, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Bruno
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2523:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Shelgon' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Steven'?
 2523 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Shelgon, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Steven
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2526:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Salamence' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Blaine'?
 2526 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Salamence, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Blaine
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2537:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Beldum' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Blue'?
 2537 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Beldum, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Blue
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2540:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Metang' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Man5'?
 2540 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Metang, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Man5
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2543:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Metagross' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_LotadDoll'?
 2543 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Metagross, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_LotadDoll
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2554:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Regirock' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Regi'?
 2554 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Regirock, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Regi
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2560:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Regice' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Regi'?
 2560 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Regice, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Regi
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2566:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Registeel' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Regi'?
 2566 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Registeel, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Regi
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2572:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Latias' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Lass'?
 2572 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Latias, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Lass
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2583:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Latios' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Lass'?
 2583 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Latios, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Lass
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2594:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Kyogre' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPal_Kyogre'?
 2594 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Kyogre, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPal_Kyogre
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2605:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Groudon' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPal_Groudon'?
 2605 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Groudon, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPal_Groudon
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2616:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Rayquaza' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_RayquazaStill'?
 2616 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Rayquaza, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_RayquazaStill
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2627:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Jirachi' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Archie'?
 2627 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Jirachi, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Archie
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2633:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_DeoxysNormal' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_DeoxysOld'?
 2633 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_DeoxysNormal, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_DeoxysOld
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2636:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_DeoxysAttack' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_DeoxysOld'?
 2636 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_DeoxysAttack, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_DeoxysOld
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2639:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_DeoxysDefense' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_DeoxysOld'?
 2639 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_DeoxysDefense, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_DeoxysOld
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2642:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_DeoxysSpeed' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_DeoxysOld'?
 2642 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_DeoxysSpeed, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_DeoxysOld
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2648:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Turtwig' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Twin'?
 2648 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Turtwig, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Twin
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2651:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Grotle' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Greta'?
 2651 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Grotle, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Greta
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2654:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Torterra' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Worker'?
 2654 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Torterra, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Worker
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2660:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Chimchar' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_CableCar'?
 2660 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Chimchar, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_CableCar
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2663:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Monferno' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Worker'?
 2663 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Monferno, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Worker
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2666:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Infernape' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_TimerBall'?
 2666 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Infernape, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_TimerBall
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2672:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Piplup' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Blue'?
 2672 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Piplup, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Blue
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2675:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Prinplup' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_QuintyPlump'?
 2675 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Prinplup, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_QuintyPlump
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2678:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Empoleon' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Green'?
 2678 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Empoleon, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Green
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2684:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Starly' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Statue'?
 2684 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Starly, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Statue
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2687:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Staravia' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Statue'?
 2687 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Staravia, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Statue
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2690:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Staraptor' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Statue'?
 2690 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Staraptor, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Statue
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2696:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Bidoof' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Bruno'?
 2696 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Bidoof, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Bruno
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2699:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Bibarel' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_BigRed'?
 2699 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Bibarel, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_BigRed
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2705:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Kricketot' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Rocket_F'?
 2705 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Kricketot, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Rocket_F
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2708:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Kricketune' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Rocket_F'?
 2708 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Kricketune, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Rocket_F
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2714:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Shinx' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Twin'?
 2714 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Shinx, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Twin
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2717:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Luxio' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Lucy'?
 2717 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Luxio, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Lucy
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2720:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Luxray' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Lucy'?
 2720 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Luxray, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Lucy
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2726:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Cranidos' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Brandon'?
 2726 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Cranidos, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Brandon
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2729:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Rampardos' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Camper'?
 2729 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Rampardos, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Camper
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2735:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Shieldon' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Sailor'?
 2735 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Shieldon, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Sailor
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2738:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Bastiodon' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Brandon'?
 2738 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Bastiodon, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Brandon
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2744:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_BurmyPlantCloak' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Brandon'?
 2744 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_BurmyPlantCloak, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Brandon
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2747:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_BurmySandyCloak' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Brandon'?
 2747 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_BurmySandyCloak, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Brandon
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2750:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_BurmyTrashCloak' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_BerryTreeSprout'?
 2750 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_BurmyTrashCloak, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_BerryTreeSprout
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2753:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_WormadamPlantCloak' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_BreakableRock'?
 2753 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_WormadamPlantCloak, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_BreakableRock
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2756:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_WormadamSandyCloak' undeclared here (not in a function)
 2756 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_WormadamSandyCloak, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2759:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_WormadamTrashCloak' undeclared here (not in a function)
 2759 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_WormadamTrashCloak, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2762:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Mothim' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Mom'?
 2762 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Mothim, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Mom
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2768:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Combee' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Camper'?
 2768 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Combee, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Camper
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2771:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_CombeeF' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_TuberF'?
 2771 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_CombeeF, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_TuberF
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2774:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Vespiquen' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Jessie'?
 2774 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Vespiquen, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Jessie
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2780:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Pachirisu' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_PichuDoll'?
 2780 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Pachirisu, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_PichuDoll
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2786:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Buizel' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Biker'?
 2786 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Buizel, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Biker
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2789:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Floatzel' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Blaine'?
 2789 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Floatzel, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Blaine
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2795:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Cherubi' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Chef'?
 2795 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Cherubi, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Chef
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2798:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_CherrimOvercast' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_CherishBall'?
 2798 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_CherrimOvercast, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_CherishBall
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2807:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_ShellosWestSea' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_SpelonBerryTree'?
 2807 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_ShellosWestSea, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_SpelonBerryTree
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2810:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_ShellosEastSea' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Jessie'?
 2810 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_ShellosEastSea, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Jessie
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2813:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_GastrodonWestSea' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_GroudonOld'?
 2813 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_GastrodonWestSea, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_GroudonOld
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2816:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_GastrodonEastSea' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_GroudonOld'?
 2816 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_GastrodonEastSea, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_GroudonOld
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2822:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Drifloon' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Brandon'?
 2822 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Drifloon, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Brandon
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2825:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Drifblim' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_ProfOak'?
 2825 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Drifblim, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_ProfOak
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2831:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Buneary' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Biker'?
 2831 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Buneary, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Biker
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2834:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Lopunny' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Lucy'?
 2834 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Lopunny, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Lucy
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2845:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Glameow' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_James'?
 2845 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Glameow, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_James
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2848:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Purugly' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Brawly'?
 2848 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Purugly, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Brawly
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2854:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Stunky' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Sidney'?
 2854 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Stunky, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Sidney
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2857:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Skuntank' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Juan'?
 2857 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Skuntank, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Juan
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2863:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Bronzor' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Bruno'?
 2863 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Bronzor, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Bruno
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2866:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Bronzong' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Brandon'?
 2866 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Bronzong, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Brandon
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2872:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Chatot' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Chef'?
 2872 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Chatot, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Chef
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2878:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Spiritomb' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_SportBall'?
 2878 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Spiritomb, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_SportBall
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2884:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Gible' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Girl3'?
 2884 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Gible, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Girl3
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2887:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Gabite' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Maxie'?
 2887 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Gabite, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Maxie
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2890:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Garchomp' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Archie'?
 2890 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Garchomp, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Archie
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2901:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Riolu' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Girl3'?
 2901 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Riolu, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Girl3
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2904:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Lucario' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Lucy'?
 2904 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Lucario, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Lucy
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2915:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Hippopotas' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_ProfOak'?
 2915 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Hippopotas, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_ProfOak
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2918:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_HippopotasF' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_ReporterF'?
 2918 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_HippopotasF, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_ReporterF
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2921:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Hippowdon' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Brandon'?
 2921 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Hippowdon, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Brandon
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2924:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_HippowdonF' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_DittoDoll'?
 2924 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_HippowdonF, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_DittoDoll
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2930:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Skorupi' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Bruno'?
 2930 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Skorupi, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Bruno
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2933:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Drapion' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Brandon'?
 2933 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Drapion, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Brandon
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2939:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Croagunk' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Bruno'?
 2939 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Croagunk, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Bruno
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2942:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Toxicroak' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Policeman'?
 2942 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Toxicroak, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Policeman
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2948:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Carnivine' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Archie'?
 2948 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Carnivine, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Archie
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2954:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Finneon' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Brandon'?
 2954 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Finneon, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Brandon
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2957:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Lumineon' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Blaine'?
 2957 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Lumineon, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Blaine
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2963:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Snover' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Steven'?
 2963 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Snover, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Steven
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2966:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Abomasnow' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Woman5'?
 2966 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Abomasnow, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Woman5
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2977:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Rotom' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Mom'?
 2977 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Rotom, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Mom
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2980:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_RotomHeat' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Rocker'?
 2980 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_RotomHeat, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Rocker
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2983:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_RotomWash' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_MoonBall'?
 2983 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_RotomWash, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_MoonBall
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2986:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_RotomFrost' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Rocker'?
 2986 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_RotomFrost, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Rocker
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2989:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_RotomFan' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Norman'?
 2989 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_RotomFan, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Norman
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2992:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_RotomMow' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Rocker'?
 2992 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_RotomMow, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Rocker
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:2998:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Uxie' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Maxie'?
 2998 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Uxie, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Maxie
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3004:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Mesprit' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Jessie'?
 3004 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Mesprit, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Jessie
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3010:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Azelf' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Chef'?
 3010 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Azelf, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Chef
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3016:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Dialga' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Teala'?
 3016 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Dialga, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Teala
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3019:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_DialgaOrigin' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Big_Green'?
 3019 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_DialgaOrigin, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Big_Green
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3025:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Palkia' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Glacia'?
 3025 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Palkia, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Glacia
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3028:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_PalkiaOrigin' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_ParkBall'?
 3028 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_PalkiaOrigin, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_ParkBall
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3034:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Heatran' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_FatMan'?
 3034 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Heatran, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_FatMan
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3040:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Regigigas' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Regi'?
 3040 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Regigigas, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Regi
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3046:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_GiratinaAltered' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_KirliaOld'?
 3046 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_GiratinaAltered, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_KirliaOld
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3049:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_GiratinaOrigin' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_KirliaOld'?
 3049 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_GiratinaOrigin, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_KirliaOld
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3055:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Cresselia' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Jessie'?
 3055 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Cresselia, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Jessie
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3061:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Phione' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Phoebe'?
 3061 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Phione, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Phoebe
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3064:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Manaphy' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Man5'?
 3064 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Manaphy, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Man5
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3070:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Darkrai' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_ParkBall'?
 3070 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Darkrai, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_ParkBall
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3076:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_ShayminLand' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_MayFishing'?
 3076 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_ShayminLand, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_MayFishing
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3086:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_ArceusNormal' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Norman'?
 3086 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_ArceusNormal, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Norman
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3089:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_ArceusFighting' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_MayFishing'?
 3089 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_ArceusFighting, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_MayFishing
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3092:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_ArceusFlying' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_MaySurfing'?
 3092 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_ArceusFlying, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_MaySurfing
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3095:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_ArceusPoison' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_FireCushion'?
 3095 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_ArceusPoison, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_FireCushion
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3098:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_ArceusGround' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_FireCushion'?
 3098 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_ArceusGround, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_FireCushion
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3101:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_ArceusRock' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Truck'?
 3101 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_ArceusRock, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Truck
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3104:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_ArceusBug' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_BirchsBag'?
 3104 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_ArceusBug, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_BirchsBag
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3107:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_ArceusGhost' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Archie'?
 3107 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_ArceusGhost, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Archie
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3110:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_ArceusSteel' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Archie'?
 3110 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_ArceusSteel, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Archie
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3113:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_ArceusFire' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Archie'?
 3113 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_ArceusFire, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Archie
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3116:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_ArceusWater' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Spenser'?
 3116 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_ArceusWater, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Spenser
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3119:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_ArceusGrass' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_BeastBall'?
 3119 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_ArceusGrass, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_BeastBall
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3122:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_ArceusElectric' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Lorelei'?
 3122 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_ArceusElectric, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Lorelei
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3125:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_ArceusPsychic' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_PsychicM'?
 3125 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_ArceusPsychic, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_PsychicM
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3128:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_ArceusIce' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Archie'?
 3128 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_ArceusIce, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Archie
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3131:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_ArceusDragon' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_BirchsBag'?
 3131 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_ArceusDragon, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_BirchsBag
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3134:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_ArceusDark' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_DreamBall'?
 3134 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_ArceusDark, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_DreamBall
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3137:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_ArceusFairy' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Archie'?
 3137 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_ArceusFairy, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Archie
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3143:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Victini' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Misty'?
 3143 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Victini, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Misty
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3149:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Snivy' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Misty'?
 3149 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Snivy, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Misty
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3152:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Servine' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Jessie'?
 3152 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Servine, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Jessie
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3155:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Serperior' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Spenser'?
 3155 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Serperior, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Spenser
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3161:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Tepig' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Regi'?
 3161 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Tepig, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Regi
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3164:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Pignite' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Picnicker'?
 3164 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Pignite, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Picnicker
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3167:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Emboar' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Mom'?
 3167 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Emboar, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Mom
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3173:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Oshawott' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Scott'?
 3173 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Oshawott, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Scott
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3176:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Dewott' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Scott'?
 3176 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Dewott, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Scott
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3179:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Samurott' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Scott'?
 3179 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Samurott, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Scott
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3190:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Patrat' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_FatMan'?
 3190 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Patrat, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_FatMan
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3193:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Watchog' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Wattson'?
 3193 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Watchog, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Wattson
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3199:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Lillipup' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Soldier'?
 3199 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Lillipup, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Soldier
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3202:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Herdier' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Soldier'?
 3202 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Herdier, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Soldier
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3205:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Stoutland' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Noland'?
 3205 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Stoutland, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Noland
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3211:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Purrloin' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Lorelei'?
 3211 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Purrloin, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Lorelei
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3214:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Liepard' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Leaf'?
 3214 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Liepard, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Leaf
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3220:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Pansage' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Wallace'?
 3220 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Pansage, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Wallace
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3223:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Simisage' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_SSTidal'?
 3223 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Simisage, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_SSTidal
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3229:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Pansear' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Spenser'?
 3229 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Pansear, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Spenser
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3232:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Simisear' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Spenser'?
 3232 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Simisear, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Spenser
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3238:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Panpour' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Sailor'?
 3238 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Panpour, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Sailor
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3241:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Simipour' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Sailor'?
 3241 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Simipour, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Sailor
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3247:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Munna' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Juan'?
 3247 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Munna, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Juan
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3250:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Musharna' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Juan'?
 3250 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Musharna, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Juan
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3256:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Pidove' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Winona'?
 3256 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Pidove, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Winona
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3259:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Tranquill' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_BeastBall'?
 3259 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Tranquill, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_BeastBall
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3263:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Unfezant' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_PokefanM'?
 3263 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Unfezant, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_PokefanM
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3266:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_UnfezantF' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_PokefanF'?
 3266 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_UnfezantF, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_PokefanF
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3272:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Blitzle' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Blaine'?
 3272 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Blitzle, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Blaine
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3275:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Zebstrika' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_BeastBall'?
 3275 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Zebstrika, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_BeastBall
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3281:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Roggenrola' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Rocker'?
 3281 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Roggenrola, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Rocker
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3284:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Boldore' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Soldier'?
 3284 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Boldore, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Soldier
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3287:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Gigalith' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Glacia'?
 3287 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Gigalith, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Glacia
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3293:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Woobat' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Worker'?
 3293 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Woobat, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Worker
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3296:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Swoobat' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Scott'?
 3296 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Swoobat, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Scott
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3302:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Drilbur' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Sailor'?
 3302 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Drilbur, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Sailor
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3305:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Excadrill' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_LotadDoll'?
 3305 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Excadrill, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_LotadDoll
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3311:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Audino' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Bruno'?
 3311 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Audino, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Bruno
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3322:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Timburr' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_TuberM'?
 3322 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Timburr, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_TuberM
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3325:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Gurdurr' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Bruno'?
 3325 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Gurdurr, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Bruno
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3328:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Conkeldurr' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Worker'?
 3328 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Conkeldurr, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Worker
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3334:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Tympole' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Tate'?
 3334 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Tympole, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Tate
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3337:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Palpitoad' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Policeman'?
 3337 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Palpitoad, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Policeman
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3340:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Seismitoad' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_SkittyOld'?
 3340 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Seismitoad, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_SkittyOld
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3346:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Throh' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Chef'?
 3346 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Throh, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Chef
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3352:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Sawk' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Tate'?
 3352 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Sawk, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Tate
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3358:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Sewaddle' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_MewOld'?
 3358 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Sewaddle, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_MewOld
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3361:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Swadloon' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Sailor'?
 3361 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Swadloon, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Sailor
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3364:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Leavanny' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Giovanni'?
 3364 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Leavanny, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Giovanni
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3370:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Venipede' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_BigRed'?
 3370 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Venipede, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_BigRed
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3373:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Whirlipede' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_KirliaOld'?
 3373 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Whirlipede, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_KirliaOld
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3376:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Scolipede' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Soldier'?
 3376 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Scolipede, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Soldier
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3382:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Cottonee' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Wattson'?
 3382 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Cottonee, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Wattson
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3385:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Whimsicott' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Scott'?
 3385 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Whimsicott, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Scott
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3391:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Petilil' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_NetBall'?
 3391 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Petilil, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_NetBall
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3394:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Lilligant' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Blaine'?
 3394 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Lilligant, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Blaine
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3425:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Sandile' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Soldier'?
 3425 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Sandile, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Soldier
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3428:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Krokorok' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_ProfOak'?
 3428 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Krokorok, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_ProfOak
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3431:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Krookodile' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_GroudonOld'?
 3431 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Krookodile, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_GroudonOld
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3437:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Darumaka' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Drake'?
 3437 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Darumaka, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Drake
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3440:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_DarmanitanStandardMode' undeclared here (not in a function)
 3440 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_DarmanitanStandardMode, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3460:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Maractus' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Statue'?
 3460 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Maractus, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Statue
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3466:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Dwebble' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_DiveBall'?
 3466 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Dwebble, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_DiveBall
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3469:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Crustle' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Nurse'?
 3469 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Crustle, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Nurse
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3475:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Scraggy' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Brawly'?
 3475 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Scraggy, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Brawly
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3478:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Scrafty' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Scott'?
 3478 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Scrafty, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Scott
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3484:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Sigilyph' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Sidney'?
 3484 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Sigilyph, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Sidney
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3490:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Yamask' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_James'?
 3490 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Yamask, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_James
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3493:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Cofagrigus' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_SafariBall'?
 3493 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Cofagrigus, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_SafariBall
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3507:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Tirtouga' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Truck'?
 3507 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Tirtouga, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Truck
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3510:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Carracosta' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Artist'?
 3510 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Carracosta, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Artist
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3516:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Archen' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Archie'?
 3516 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Archen, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Archie
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3519:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Archeops' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Archie'?
 3519 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Archeops, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Archie
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3525:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Trubbish' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Truck'?
 3525 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Trubbish, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Truck
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3528:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Garbodor' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Grandma'?
 3528 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Garbodor, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Grandma
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3539:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Zorua' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Norman'?
 3539 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Zorua, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Norman
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3542:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Zoroark' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Worker'?
 3542 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Zoroark, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Worker
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3556:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Minccino' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Winona'?
 3556 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Minccino, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Winona
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3559:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Cinccino' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Winona'?
 3559 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Cinccino, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Winona
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3565:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Gothita' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Greta'?
 3565 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Gothita, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Greta
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3568:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Gothorita' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Greta'?
 3568 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Gothorita, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Greta
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3571:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Gothitelle' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_LotadDoll'?
 3571 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Gothitelle, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_LotadDoll
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3577:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Solosis' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Soldier'?
 3577 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Solosis, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Soldier
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3580:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Duosion' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Jessie'?
 3580 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Duosion, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Jessie
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3583:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Reuniclus' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Regi'?
 3583 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Reuniclus, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Regi
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3589:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Ducklett' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Tucker'?
 3589 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Ducklett, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Tucker
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3592:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Swanna' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Winona'?
 3592 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Swanna, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Winona
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3598:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Vanillite' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Wallace'?
 3598 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Vanillite, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Wallace
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3601:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Vanillish' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_MarillDoll'?
 3601 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Vanillish, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_MarillDoll
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3604:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Vanilluxe' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Wallace'?
 3604 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Vanilluxe, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Wallace
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3611:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_DeerlingSpring' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_BrendanSurfing'?
 3611 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_DeerlingSpring, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_BrendanSurfing
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3614:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_DeerlingSummer' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Spenser'?
 3614 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_DeerlingSummer, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Spenser
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3617:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_DeerlingAutumn' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_QuintyPlump'?
 3617 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_DeerlingAutumn, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_QuintyPlump
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3620:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_DeerlingWinter' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Youngster'?
 3620 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_DeerlingWinter, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Youngster
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3623:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_SawsbuckSpring' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_MaySurfing'?
 3623 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_SawsbuckSpring, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_MaySurfing
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3626:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_SawsbuckSummer' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Tucker'?
 3626 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_SawsbuckSummer, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Tucker
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3629:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_SawsbuckAutumn' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_SwabluDoll'?
 3629 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_SawsbuckAutumn, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_SwabluDoll
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3632:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_SawsbuckWinter' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Tucker'?
 3632 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_SawsbuckWinter, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Tucker
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3638:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Emolga' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Teala'?
 3638 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Emolga, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Teala
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3644:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Karrablast' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_ParkBall'?
 3644 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Karrablast, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_ParkBall
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3647:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Escavalier' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Soldier'?
 3647 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Escavalier, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Soldier
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3653:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Foongus' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_MoonBall'?
 3653 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Foongus, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_MoonBall
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3656:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Amoonguss' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_MoonBall'?
 3656 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Amoonguss, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_MoonBall
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3662:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Frillish' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Artist'?
 3662 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Frillish, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Artist
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3665:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_FrillishF' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_MarillDoll'?
 3665 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_FrillishF, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_MarillDoll
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3668:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Jellicent' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Jessie'?
 3668 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Jellicent, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Jessie
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3671:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_JellicentF' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Policeman'?
 3671 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_JellicentF, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Policeman
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3677:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Alomomola' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_HoOhOld'?
 3677 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Alomomola, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_HoOhOld
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3683:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Joltik' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Soldier'?
 3683 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Joltik, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Soldier
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3686:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Galvantula' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Giovanni'?
 3686 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Galvantula, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Giovanni
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3692:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Ferroseed' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Green'?
 3692 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Ferroseed, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Green
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3695:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Ferrothorn' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_SeedotDoll'?
 3695 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Ferrothorn, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_SeedotDoll
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3701:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Klink' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Blaine'?
 3701 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Klink, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Blaine
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3704:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Klang' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Blaine'?
 3704 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Klang, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Blaine
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3707:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Klinklang' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Noland'?
 3707 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Klinklang, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Noland
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3713:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Tynamo' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Tate'?
 3713 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Tynamo, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Tate
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3716:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Eelektrik' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_ExpertF'?
 3716 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Eelektrik, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_ExpertF
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3719:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Eelektross' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_RepeatBall'?
 3719 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Eelektross, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_RepeatBall
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3725:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Elgyem' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_BigRed'?
 3725 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Elgyem, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_BigRed
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3728:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Beheeyem' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Phoebe'?
 3728 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Beheeyem, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Phoebe
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3734:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Litwick' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Truck'?
 3734 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Litwick, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Truck
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3737:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Lampent' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Camper'?
 3737 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Lampent, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Camper
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3740:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Chandelure' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Channeler'?
 3740 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Chandelure, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Channeler
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3746:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Axew' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Chef'?
 3746 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Axew, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Chef
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3749:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Fraxure' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Statue'?
 3749 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Fraxure, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Statue
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3752:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Haxorus' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_James'?
 3752 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Haxorus, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_James
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3758:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Cubchoo' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Chef'?
 3758 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Cubchoo, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Chef
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3761:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Beartic' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Beauty'?
 3761 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Beartic, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Beauty
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3767:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Cryogonal' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_ProfOak'?
 3767 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Cryogonal, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_ProfOak
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3773:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Shelmet' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Spenser'?
 3773 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Shelmet, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Spenser
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3776:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Accelgor' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Sailor'?
 3776 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Accelgor, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Sailor
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3782:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Stunfisk' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Bruno'?
 3782 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Stunfisk, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Bruno
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3793:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Mienfoo' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Bruno'?
 3793 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Mienfoo, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Bruno
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3796:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Mienshao' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Misty'?
 3796 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Mienshao, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Misty
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3802:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Druddigon' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Brandon'?
 3802 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Druddigon, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Brandon
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3808:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Golett' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Greta'?
 3808 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Golett, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Greta
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3811:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Golurk' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Blue'?
 3811 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Golurk, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Blue
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3817:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Pawniard' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Maniac'?
 3817 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Pawniard, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Maniac
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3820:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Bisharp' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Biker'?
 3820 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Bisharp, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Biker
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3831:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Bouffalant' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Noland'?
 3831 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Bouffalant, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Noland
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3837:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Rufflet' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Rocker'?
 3837 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Rufflet, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Rocker
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3840:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Braviary' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Brawly'?
 3840 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Braviary, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Brawly
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3851:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Vullaby' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Wally'?
 3851 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Vullaby, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Wally
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3854:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Mandibuzz' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Maniac'?
 3854 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Mandibuzz, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Maniac
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3860:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Heatmor' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Sailor'?
 3860 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Heatmor, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Sailor
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3866:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Durant' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Juan'?
 3866 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Durant, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Juan
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3872:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Deino' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Bruno'?
 3872 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Deino, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Bruno
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3875:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Zweilous' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Sailor'?
 3875 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Zweilous, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Sailor
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3878:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Hydreigon' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Green'?
 3878 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Hydreigon, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Green
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3884:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Larvesta' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Greta'?
 3884 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Larvesta, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Greta
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3887:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Volcarona' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Noland'?
 3887 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Volcarona, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Noland
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3893:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Cobalion' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Brandon'?
 3893 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Cobalion, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Brandon
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3899:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Terrakion' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Brandon'?
 3899 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Terrakion, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Brandon
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3905:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Virizion' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Brandon'?
 3905 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Virizion, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Brandon
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3912:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_TornadusIncarnate' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_BrendanUnderwater'?
 3912 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_TornadusIncarnate, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_BrendanUnderwater
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3922:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_ThundurusIncarnate' undeclared here (not in a function)
 3922 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_ThundurusIncarnate, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3931:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Reshiram' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Jessie'?
 3931 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Reshiram, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Jessie
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3937:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Zekrom' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Mom'?
 3937 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Zekrom, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Mom
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3944:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_LandorusIncarnate' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_MayUnderwater'?
 3944 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_LandorusIncarnate, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_MayUnderwater
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3962:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Kyurem' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Blue'?
 3962 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Kyurem, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Blue
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3976:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_KeldeoOrdinary' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_KecleonOld'?
 3976 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_KeldeoOrdinary, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_KecleonOld
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3985:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_MeloettaAria' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_MewtwoArmor'?
 3985 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_MeloettaAria, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_MewtwoArmor
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3988:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_MeloettaPirouette' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_DevonEmployee'?
 3988 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_MeloettaPirouette, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_DevonEmployee
src/data/object_events/object_event_pic_tables_followers.h:3994:20: error: 'gObjectEventPic_Genesect' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'gObjectEventPic_Green'?
 3994 |     overworld_ascending_frames(gObjectEventPic_Genesect, 4, 4),
      |                    ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
      |                    gObjectEventPic_Green
make: *** [Makefile:412: build/modern/src/event_object_movement.o] Error 1
make: *** Deleting file 'build/modern/src/event_object_movement.o'
