In file included from src/data.c:437:
src/data/trainers.h:838: `sParty_Blaine' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/trainers.h:838: `sParty_Blaine' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/trainers.h:839: `sParty_Blaine' undeclared here (not in a function)
src/data/trainers.h:839: initializer element for `gTrainers[63].party.TrainerMon' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:839: initializer element for `gTrainers[63].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:840: initializer element for `gTrainers[63]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:840: initializer element for `gTrainers[63]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:848: initializer element for `gTrainers[64].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:849: initializer element for `gTrainers[64].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:853: initializer element for `gTrainers[64].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:854: initializer element for `gTrainers[64]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:854: initializer element for `gTrainers[64]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:854: initializer element for `gTrainers[64]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:854: initializer element for `gTrainers[64]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:861: initializer element for `gTrainers[65].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:862: initializer element for `gTrainers[65].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:866: initializer element for `gTrainers[65].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:867: initializer element for `gTrainers[65]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:867: initializer element for `gTrainers[65]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:867: initializer element for `gTrainers[65]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:867: initializer element for `gTrainers[65]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:874: initializer element for `gTrainers[66].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:875: initializer element for `gTrainers[66].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:879: initializer element for `gTrainers[66].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:880: initializer element for `gTrainers[66]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:880: initializer element for `gTrainers[66]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:880: initializer element for `gTrainers[66]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:880: initializer element for `gTrainers[66]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:887: initializer element for `gTrainers[67].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:888: initializer element for `gTrainers[67].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:892: initializer element for `gTrainers[67].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:893: initializer element for `gTrainers[67]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:893: initializer element for `gTrainers[67]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:893: initializer element for `gTrainers[67]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:893: initializer element for `gTrainers[67]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:900: initializer element for `gTrainers[68].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:901: initializer element for `gTrainers[68].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:905: initializer element for `gTrainers[68].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:906: initializer element for `gTrainers[68]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:906: initializer element for `gTrainers[68]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:906: initializer element for `gTrainers[68]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:906: initializer element for `gTrainers[68]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:913: initializer element for `gTrainers[69].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:914: initializer element for `gTrainers[69].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:918: initializer element for `gTrainers[69].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:919: initializer element for `gTrainers[69]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:919: initializer element for `gTrainers[69]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:919: initializer element for `gTrainers[69]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:919: initializer element for `gTrainers[69]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:926: initializer element for `gTrainers[70].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:927: initializer element for `gTrainers[70].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:931: initializer element for `gTrainers[70].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:932: initializer element for `gTrainers[70]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:932: initializer element for `gTrainers[70]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:932: initializer element for `gTrainers[70]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:932: initializer element for `gTrainers[70]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:939: initializer element for `gTrainers[71].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:940: initializer element for `gTrainers[71].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:944: initializer element for `gTrainers[71].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:945: initializer element for `gTrainers[71]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:945: initializer element for `gTrainers[71]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:945: initializer element for `gTrainers[71]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:945: initializer element for `gTrainers[71]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:952: initializer element for `gTrainers[72].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:953: initializer element for `gTrainers[72].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:957: initializer element for `gTrainers[72].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:958: initializer element for `gTrainers[72]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:958: initializer element for `gTrainers[72]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:958: initializer element for `gTrainers[72]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:958: initializer element for `gTrainers[72]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:965: initializer element for `gTrainers[73].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:966: initializer element for `gTrainers[73].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:970: initializer element for `gTrainers[73].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:971: initializer element for `gTrainers[73]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:971: initializer element for `gTrainers[73]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:971: initializer element for `gTrainers[73]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:971: initializer element for `gTrainers[73]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:978: initializer element for `gTrainers[74].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:979: initializer element for `gTrainers[74].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:983: initializer element for `gTrainers[74].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:984: initializer element for `gTrainers[74]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:984: initializer element for `gTrainers[74]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:984: initializer element for `gTrainers[74]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:984: initializer element for `gTrainers[74]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:991: initializer element for `gTrainers[75].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:992: initializer element for `gTrainers[75].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:996: initializer element for `gTrainers[75].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:997: initializer element for `gTrainers[75]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:997: initializer element for `gTrainers[75]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:997: initializer element for `gTrainers[75]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:997: initializer element for `gTrainers[75]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1004: initializer element for `gTrainers[76].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1005: initializer element for `gTrainers[76].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1009: initializer element for `gTrainers[76].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1010: initializer element for `gTrainers[76]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1010: initializer element for `gTrainers[76]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1010: initializer element for `gTrainers[76]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1010: initializer element for `gTrainers[76]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1017: initializer element for `gTrainers[77].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1018: initializer element for `gTrainers[77].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1022: initializer element for `gTrainers[77].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1023: initializer element for `gTrainers[77]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1023: initializer element for `gTrainers[77]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1023: initializer element for `gTrainers[77]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1023: initializer element for `gTrainers[77]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1030: initializer element for `gTrainers[78].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1031: initializer element for `gTrainers[78].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1035: initializer element for `gTrainers[78].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1036: initializer element for `gTrainers[78]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1036: initializer element for `gTrainers[78]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1036: initializer element for `gTrainers[78]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1036: initializer element for `gTrainers[78]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1043: initializer element for `gTrainers[79].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1044: initializer element for `gTrainers[79].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1048: initializer element for `gTrainers[79].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1049: initializer element for `gTrainers[79]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1049: initializer element for `gTrainers[79]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1049: initializer element for `gTrainers[79]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1049: initializer element for `gTrainers[79]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1056: initializer element for `gTrainers[80].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1057: initializer element for `gTrainers[80].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1061: initializer element for `gTrainers[80].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1062: initializer element for `gTrainers[80]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1062: initializer element for `gTrainers[80]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1062: initializer element for `gTrainers[80]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1062: initializer element for `gTrainers[80]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1069: initializer element for `gTrainers[81].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1070: initializer element for `gTrainers[81].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1074: initializer element for `gTrainers[81].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1075: initializer element for `gTrainers[81]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1075: initializer element for `gTrainers[81]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1075: initializer element for `gTrainers[81]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1075: initializer element for `gTrainers[81]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1082: initializer element for `gTrainers[82].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1083: initializer element for `gTrainers[82].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1087: initializer element for `gTrainers[82].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1088: initializer element for `gTrainers[82]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1088: initializer element for `gTrainers[82]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1088: initializer element for `gTrainers[82]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1088: initializer element for `gTrainers[82]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1095: initializer element for `gTrainers[83].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1096: initializer element for `gTrainers[83].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1100: initializer element for `gTrainers[83].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1101: initializer element for `gTrainers[83]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1101: initializer element for `gTrainers[83]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1101: initializer element for `gTrainers[83]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1101: initializer element for `gTrainers[83]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1108: initializer element for `gTrainers[84].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1109: initializer element for `gTrainers[84].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1113: initializer element for `gTrainers[84].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1114: initializer element for `gTrainers[84]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1114: initializer element for `gTrainers[84]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1114: initializer element for `gTrainers[84]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1114: initializer element for `gTrainers[84]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1121: initializer element for `gTrainers[85].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1122: initializer element for `gTrainers[85].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1126: initializer element for `gTrainers[85].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1127: initializer element for `gTrainers[85]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1127: initializer element for `gTrainers[85]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1127: initializer element for `gTrainers[85]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1127: initializer element for `gTrainers[85]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1134: initializer element for `gTrainers[86].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1135: initializer element for `gTrainers[86].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1139: initializer element for `gTrainers[86].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1140: initializer element for `gTrainers[86]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1140: initializer element for `gTrainers[86]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1140: initializer element for `gTrainers[86]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1140: initializer element for `gTrainers[86]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1147: initializer element for `gTrainers[87].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1148: initializer element for `gTrainers[87].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1152: initializer element for `gTrainers[87].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1153: initializer element for `gTrainers[87]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1153: initializer element for `gTrainers[87]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1153: initializer element for `gTrainers[87]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1153: initializer element for `gTrainers[87]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1160: initializer element for `gTrainers[88].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1161: initializer element for `gTrainers[88].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1165: initializer element for `gTrainers[88].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1166: initializer element for `gTrainers[88]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1166: initializer element for `gTrainers[88]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1166: initializer element for `gTrainers[88]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1166: initializer element for `gTrainers[88]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1173: initializer element for `gTrainers[89].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1174: initializer element for `gTrainers[89].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1178: initializer element for `gTrainers[89].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1179: initializer element for `gTrainers[89]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1179: initializer element for `gTrainers[89]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1179: initializer element for `gTrainers[89]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1179: initializer element for `gTrainers[89]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1186: initializer element for `gTrainers[90].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1187: initializer element for `gTrainers[90].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1191: initializer element for `gTrainers[90].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1192: initializer element for `gTrainers[90]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1192: initializer element for `gTrainers[90]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1192: initializer element for `gTrainers[90]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1192: initializer element for `gTrainers[90]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1199: initializer element for `gTrainers[91].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1200: initializer element for `gTrainers[91].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1204: initializer element for `gTrainers[91].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1205: initializer element for `gTrainers[91]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1205: initializer element for `gTrainers[91]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1205: initializer element for `gTrainers[91]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1205: initializer element for `gTrainers[91]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1212: initializer element for `gTrainers[92].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1213: initializer element for `gTrainers[92].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1217: initializer element for `gTrainers[92].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1218: initializer element for `gTrainers[92]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1218: initializer element for `gTrainers[92]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1218: initializer element for `gTrainers[92]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1218: initializer element for `gTrainers[92]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1225: initializer element for `gTrainers[93].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1226: initializer element for `gTrainers[93].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1230: initializer element for `gTrainers[93].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1231: initializer element for `gTrainers[93]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1231: initializer element for `gTrainers[93]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1231: initializer element for `gTrainers[93]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1231: initializer element for `gTrainers[93]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1238: initializer element for `gTrainers[94].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1239: initializer element for `gTrainers[94].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1243: initializer element for `gTrainers[94].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1244: initializer element for `gTrainers[94]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1244: initializer element for `gTrainers[94]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1244: initializer element for `gTrainers[94]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1244: initializer element for `gTrainers[94]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1251: initializer element for `gTrainers[95].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1252: initializer element for `gTrainers[95].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1256: initializer element for `gTrainers[95].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1257: initializer element for `gTrainers[95]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1257: initializer element for `gTrainers[95]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1257: initializer element for `gTrainers[95]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1257: initializer element for `gTrainers[95]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1264: initializer element for `gTrainers[96].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1265: initializer element for `gTrainers[96].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1269: initializer element for `gTrainers[96].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1270: initializer element for `gTrainers[96]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1270: initializer element for `gTrainers[96]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1270: initializer element for `gTrainers[96]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1270: initializer element for `gTrainers[96]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1277: initializer element for `gTrainers[97].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1278: initializer element for `gTrainers[97].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1282: initializer element for `gTrainers[97].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1283: initializer element for `gTrainers[97]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1283: initializer element for `gTrainers[97]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1283: initializer element for `gTrainers[97]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1283: initializer element for `gTrainers[97]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1290: initializer element for `gTrainers[98].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1291: initializer element for `gTrainers[98].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1295: initializer element for `gTrainers[98].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1296: initializer element for `gTrainers[98]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1296: initializer element for `gTrainers[98]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1296: initializer element for `gTrainers[98]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1296: initializer element for `gTrainers[98]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1303: initializer element for `gTrainers[99].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1304: initializer element for `gTrainers[99].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1308: initializer element for `gTrainers[99].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1309: initializer element for `gTrainers[99]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1309: initializer element for `gTrainers[99]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1309: initializer element for `gTrainers[99]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1309: initializer element for `gTrainers[99]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1316: initializer element for `gTrainers[100].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1317: initializer element for `gTrainers[100].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1321: initializer element for `gTrainers[100].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1322: initializer element for `gTrainers[100]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1322: initializer element for `gTrainers[100]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1322: initializer element for `gTrainers[100]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1322: initializer element for `gTrainers[100]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1329: initializer element for `gTrainers[101].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1330: initializer element for `gTrainers[101].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1334: initializer element for `gTrainers[101].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1335: initializer element for `gTrainers[101]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1335: initializer element for `gTrainers[101]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1335: initializer element for `gTrainers[101]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1335: initializer element for `gTrainers[101]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1342: initializer element for `gTrainers[102].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1343: initializer element for `gTrainers[102].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1347: initializer element for `gTrainers[102].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1348: initializer element for `gTrainers[102]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1348: initializer element for `gTrainers[102]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1348: initializer element for `gTrainers[102]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1348: initializer element for `gTrainers[102]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1355: initializer element for `gTrainers[103].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1356: initializer element for `gTrainers[103].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1360: initializer element for `gTrainers[103].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1361: initializer element for `gTrainers[103]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1361: initializer element for `gTrainers[103]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1361: initializer element for `gTrainers[103]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1361: initializer element for `gTrainers[103]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1368: initializer element for `gTrainers[104].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1369: initializer element for `gTrainers[104].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1373: initializer element for `gTrainers[104].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1374: initializer element for `gTrainers[104]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1374: initializer element for `gTrainers[104]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1374: initializer element for `gTrainers[104]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1374: initializer element for `gTrainers[104]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1381: initializer element for `gTrainers[105].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1382: initializer element for `gTrainers[105].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1386: initializer element for `gTrainers[105].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1387: initializer element for `gTrainers[105]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1387: initializer element for `gTrainers[105]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1387: initializer element for `gTrainers[105]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1387: initializer element for `gTrainers[105]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1394: initializer element for `gTrainers[106].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1395: initializer element for `gTrainers[106].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1399: initializer element for `gTrainers[106].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1400: initializer element for `gTrainers[106]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1400: initializer element for `gTrainers[106]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1400: initializer element for `gTrainers[106]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1400: initializer element for `gTrainers[106]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1407: initializer element for `gTrainers[107].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1408: initializer element for `gTrainers[107].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1412: initializer element for `gTrainers[107].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1413: initializer element for `gTrainers[107]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1413: initializer element for `gTrainers[107]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1413: initializer element for `gTrainers[107]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1413: initializer element for `gTrainers[107]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1420: initializer element for `gTrainers[108].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1421: initializer element for `gTrainers[108].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1425: initializer element for `gTrainers[108].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1426: initializer element for `gTrainers[108]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1426: initializer element for `gTrainers[108]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1426: initializer element for `gTrainers[108]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1426: initializer element for `gTrainers[108]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1433: initializer element for `gTrainers[109].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1434: initializer element for `gTrainers[109].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1438: initializer element for `gTrainers[109].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1439: initializer element for `gTrainers[109]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1439: initializer element for `gTrainers[109]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1439: initializer element for `gTrainers[109]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1439: initializer element for `gTrainers[109]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1446: initializer element for `gTrainers[110].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1447: initializer element for `gTrainers[110].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1451: initializer element for `gTrainers[110].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1452: initializer element for `gTrainers[110]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1452: initializer element for `gTrainers[110]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1452: initializer element for `gTrainers[110]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1452: initializer element for `gTrainers[110]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1459: initializer element for `gTrainers[111].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1460: initializer element for `gTrainers[111].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1464: initializer element for `gTrainers[111].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1465: initializer element for `gTrainers[111]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1465: initializer element for `gTrainers[111]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1465: initializer element for `gTrainers[111]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1465: initializer element for `gTrainers[111]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1472: initializer element for `gTrainers[112].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1473: initializer element for `gTrainers[112].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1477: initializer element for `gTrainers[112].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1478: initializer element for `gTrainers[112]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1478: initializer element for `gTrainers[112]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1478: initializer element for `gTrainers[112]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1478: initializer element for `gTrainers[112]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1485: initializer element for `gTrainers[113].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1486: initializer element for `gTrainers[113].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1490: initializer element for `gTrainers[113].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1491: initializer element for `gTrainers[113]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1491: initializer element for `gTrainers[113]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1491: initializer element for `gTrainers[113]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1491: initializer element for `gTrainers[113]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1498: initializer element for `gTrainers[114].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1499: initializer element for `gTrainers[114].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1503: initializer element for `gTrainers[114].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1504: initializer element for `gTrainers[114]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1504: initializer element for `gTrainers[114]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1504: initializer element for `gTrainers[114]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1504: initializer element for `gTrainers[114]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1511: initializer element for `gTrainers[115].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1512: initializer element for `gTrainers[115].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1516: initializer element for `gTrainers[115].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1517: initializer element for `gTrainers[115]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1517: initializer element for `gTrainers[115]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1517: initializer element for `gTrainers[115]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1517: initializer element for `gTrainers[115]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1524: initializer element for `gTrainers[116].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1525: initializer element for `gTrainers[116].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1529: initializer element for `gTrainers[116].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1530: initializer element for `gTrainers[116]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1530: initializer element for `gTrainers[116]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1530: initializer element for `gTrainers[116]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1530: initializer element for `gTrainers[116]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1537: initializer element for `gTrainers[117].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1538: initializer element for `gTrainers[117].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1542: initializer element for `gTrainers[117].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1543: initializer element for `gTrainers[117]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1543: initializer element for `gTrainers[117]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1543: initializer element for `gTrainers[117]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1543: initializer element for `gTrainers[117]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1550: initializer element for `gTrainers[118].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1551: initializer element for `gTrainers[118].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1555: initializer element for `gTrainers[118].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1556: initializer element for `gTrainers[118]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1556: initializer element for `gTrainers[118]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1556: initializer element for `gTrainers[118]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1556: initializer element for `gTrainers[118]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1563: initializer element for `gTrainers[119].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1564: initializer element for `gTrainers[119].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1568: initializer element for `gTrainers[119].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1569: initializer element for `gTrainers[119]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1569: initializer element for `gTrainers[119]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1569: initializer element for `gTrainers[119]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1569: initializer element for `gTrainers[119]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1576: initializer element for `gTrainers[120].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1577: initializer element for `gTrainers[120].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1581: initializer element for `gTrainers[120].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1582: initializer element for `gTrainers[120]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1582: initializer element for `gTrainers[120]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1582: initializer element for `gTrainers[120]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1582: initializer element for `gTrainers[120]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1589: initializer element for `gTrainers[121].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1590: initializer element for `gTrainers[121].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1594: initializer element for `gTrainers[121].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1595: initializer element for `gTrainers[121]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1595: initializer element for `gTrainers[121]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1595: initializer element for `gTrainers[121]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1595: initializer element for `gTrainers[121]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1602: initializer element for `gTrainers[122].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1603: initializer element for `gTrainers[122].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1607: initializer element for `gTrainers[122].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1608: initializer element for `gTrainers[122]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1608: initializer element for `gTrainers[122]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1608: initializer element for `gTrainers[122]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1608: initializer element for `gTrainers[122]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1615: initializer element for `gTrainers[123].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1616: initializer element for `gTrainers[123].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1620: initializer element for `gTrainers[123].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1621: initializer element for `gTrainers[123]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1621: initializer element for `gTrainers[123]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1621: initializer element for `gTrainers[123]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1621: initializer element for `gTrainers[123]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1628: initializer element for `gTrainers[124].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1629: initializer element for `gTrainers[124].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1633: initializer element for `gTrainers[124].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1634: initializer element for `gTrainers[124]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1634: initializer element for `gTrainers[124]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1634: initializer element for `gTrainers[124]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1634: initializer element for `gTrainers[124]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1641: initializer element for `gTrainers[125].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1642: initializer element for `gTrainers[125].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1646: initializer element for `gTrainers[125].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1647: initializer element for `gTrainers[125]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1647: initializer element for `gTrainers[125]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1647: initializer element for `gTrainers[125]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1647: initializer element for `gTrainers[125]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1654: initializer element for `gTrainers[126].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1655: initializer element for `gTrainers[126].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1659: initializer element for `gTrainers[126].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1660: initializer element for `gTrainers[126]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1660: initializer element for `gTrainers[126]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1660: initializer element for `gTrainers[126]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1660: initializer element for `gTrainers[126]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1667: initializer element for `gTrainers[127].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1668: initializer element for `gTrainers[127].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1672: initializer element for `gTrainers[127].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1673: initializer element for `gTrainers[127]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1673: initializer element for `gTrainers[127]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1673: initializer element for `gTrainers[127]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1673: initializer element for `gTrainers[127]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1680: initializer element for `gTrainers[128].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1681: initializer element for `gTrainers[128].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1685: initializer element for `gTrainers[128].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1686: initializer element for `gTrainers[128]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1686: initializer element for `gTrainers[128]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1686: initializer element for `gTrainers[128]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1686: initializer element for `gTrainers[128]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1693: initializer element for `gTrainers[129].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1694: initializer element for `gTrainers[129].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1698: initializer element for `gTrainers[129].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1699: initializer element for `gTrainers[129]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1699: initializer element for `gTrainers[129]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1699: initializer element for `gTrainers[129]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1699: initializer element for `gTrainers[129]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1706: initializer element for `gTrainers[130].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1707: initializer element for `gTrainers[130].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1711: initializer element for `gTrainers[130].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1712: initializer element for `gTrainers[130]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1712: initializer element for `gTrainers[130]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1712: initializer element for `gTrainers[130]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1712: initializer element for `gTrainers[130]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1719: initializer element for `gTrainers[131].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1720: initializer element for `gTrainers[131].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1724: initializer element for `gTrainers[131].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1725: initializer element for `gTrainers[131]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1725: initializer element for `gTrainers[131]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1725: initializer element for `gTrainers[131]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1725: initializer element for `gTrainers[131]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1732: initializer element for `gTrainers[132].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1733: initializer element for `gTrainers[132].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1737: initializer element for `gTrainers[132].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1738: initializer element for `gTrainers[132]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1738: initializer element for `gTrainers[132]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1738: initializer element for `gTrainers[132]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1738: initializer element for `gTrainers[132]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1745: initializer element for `gTrainers[133].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1746: initializer element for `gTrainers[133].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1750: initializer element for `gTrainers[133].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1751: initializer element for `gTrainers[133]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1751: initializer element for `gTrainers[133]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1751: initializer element for `gTrainers[133]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1751: initializer element for `gTrainers[133]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1758: initializer element for `gTrainers[134].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1759: initializer element for `gTrainers[134].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1763: initializer element for `gTrainers[134].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1764: initializer element for `gTrainers[134]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1764: initializer element for `gTrainers[134]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1764: initializer element for `gTrainers[134]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1764: initializer element for `gTrainers[134]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1771: initializer element for `gTrainers[135].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1772: initializer element for `gTrainers[135].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1776: initializer element for `gTrainers[135].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1777: initializer element for `gTrainers[135]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1777: initializer element for `gTrainers[135]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1777: initializer element for `gTrainers[135]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1777: initializer element for `gTrainers[135]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1784: initializer element for `gTrainers[136].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1785: initializer element for `gTrainers[136].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1789: initializer element for `gTrainers[136].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1790: initializer element for `gTrainers[136]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1790: initializer element for `gTrainers[136]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1790: initializer element for `gTrainers[136]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1790: initializer element for `gTrainers[136]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1797: initializer element for `gTrainers[137].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1798: initializer element for `gTrainers[137].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1802: initializer element for `gTrainers[137].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1803: initializer element for `gTrainers[137]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1803: initializer element for `gTrainers[137]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1803: initializer element for `gTrainers[137]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1803: initializer element for `gTrainers[137]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1810: initializer element for `gTrainers[138].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1811: initializer element for `gTrainers[138].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1815: initializer element for `gTrainers[138].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1816: initializer element for `gTrainers[138]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1816: initializer element for `gTrainers[138]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1816: initializer element for `gTrainers[138]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1816: initializer element for `gTrainers[138]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1823: initializer element for `gTrainers[139].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1824: initializer element for `gTrainers[139].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1828: initializer element for `gTrainers[139].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1829: initializer element for `gTrainers[139]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1829: initializer element for `gTrainers[139]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1829: initializer element for `gTrainers[139]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1829: initializer element for `gTrainers[139]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1836: initializer element for `gTrainers[140].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1837: initializer element for `gTrainers[140].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1841: initializer element for `gTrainers[140].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1842: initializer element for `gTrainers[140]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1842: initializer element for `gTrainers[140]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1842: initializer element for `gTrainers[140]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1842: initializer element for `gTrainers[140]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1849: initializer element for `gTrainers[141].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1850: initializer element for `gTrainers[141].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1854: initializer element for `gTrainers[141].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1855: initializer element for `gTrainers[141]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1855: initializer element for `gTrainers[141]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1855: initializer element for `gTrainers[141]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1855: initializer element for `gTrainers[141]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1862: initializer element for `gTrainers[142].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1863: initializer element for `gTrainers[142].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1867: initializer element for `gTrainers[142].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1868: initializer element for `gTrainers[142]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1868: initializer element for `gTrainers[142]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1868: initializer element for `gTrainers[142]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1868: initializer element for `gTrainers[142]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1875: initializer element for `gTrainers[143].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1876: initializer element for `gTrainers[143].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1880: initializer element for `gTrainers[143].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1881: initializer element for `gTrainers[143]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1881: initializer element for `gTrainers[143]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1881: initializer element for `gTrainers[143]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1881: initializer element for `gTrainers[143]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1888: initializer element for `gTrainers[144].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1889: initializer element for `gTrainers[144].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1893: initializer element for `gTrainers[144].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1894: initializer element for `gTrainers[144]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1894: initializer element for `gTrainers[144]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1894: initializer element for `gTrainers[144]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1894: initializer element for `gTrainers[144]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1901: initializer element for `gTrainers[145].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1902: initializer element for `gTrainers[145].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1906: initializer element for `gTrainers[145].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1907: initializer element for `gTrainers[145]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1907: initializer element for `gTrainers[145]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1907: initializer element for `gTrainers[145]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1907: initializer element for `gTrainers[145]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1914: initializer element for `gTrainers[146].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1915: initializer element for `gTrainers[146].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1919: initializer element for `gTrainers[146].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1920: initializer element for `gTrainers[146]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1920: initializer element for `gTrainers[146]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1920: initializer element for `gTrainers[146]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1920: initializer element for `gTrainers[146]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1927: initializer element for `gTrainers[147].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1928: initializer element for `gTrainers[147].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1932: initializer element for `gTrainers[147].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1933: initializer element for `gTrainers[147]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1933: initializer element for `gTrainers[147]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1933: initializer element for `gTrainers[147]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1933: initializer element for `gTrainers[147]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1940: initializer element for `gTrainers[148].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1941: initializer element for `gTrainers[148].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1945: initializer element for `gTrainers[148].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1946: initializer element for `gTrainers[148]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1946: initializer element for `gTrainers[148]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1946: initializer element for `gTrainers[148]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1946: initializer element for `gTrainers[148]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1953: initializer element for `gTrainers[149].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1954: initializer element for `gTrainers[149].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1958: initializer element for `gTrainers[149].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1959: initializer element for `gTrainers[149]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1959: initializer element for `gTrainers[149]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1959: initializer element for `gTrainers[149]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1959: initializer element for `gTrainers[149]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1966: initializer element for `gTrainers[150].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1967: initializer element for `gTrainers[150].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1971: initializer element for `gTrainers[150].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1972: initializer element for `gTrainers[150]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1972: initializer element for `gTrainers[150]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1972: initializer element for `gTrainers[150]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1972: initializer element for `gTrainers[150]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1979: initializer element for `gTrainers[151].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1980: initializer element for `gTrainers[151].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1984: initializer element for `gTrainers[151].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1985: initializer element for `gTrainers[151]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1985: initializer element for `gTrainers[151]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1985: initializer element for `gTrainers[151]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1985: initializer element for `gTrainers[151]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1992: initializer element for `gTrainers[152].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1993: initializer element for `gTrainers[152].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1997: initializer element for `gTrainers[152].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1998: initializer element for `gTrainers[152]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1998: initializer element for `gTrainers[152]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1998: initializer element for `gTrainers[152]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:1998: initializer element for `gTrainers[152]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2005: initializer element for `gTrainers[153].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2006: initializer element for `gTrainers[153].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2010: initializer element for `gTrainers[153].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2011: initializer element for `gTrainers[153]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2011: initializer element for `gTrainers[153]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2011: initializer element for `gTrainers[153]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2011: initializer element for `gTrainers[153]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2018: initializer element for `gTrainers[154].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2019: initializer element for `gTrainers[154].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2023: initializer element for `gTrainers[154].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2024: initializer element for `gTrainers[154]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2024: initializer element for `gTrainers[154]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2024: initializer element for `gTrainers[154]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2024: initializer element for `gTrainers[154]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2031: initializer element for `gTrainers[155].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2032: initializer element for `gTrainers[155].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2036: initializer element for `gTrainers[155].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2037: initializer element for `gTrainers[155]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2037: initializer element for `gTrainers[155]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2037: initializer element for `gTrainers[155]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2037: initializer element for `gTrainers[155]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2044: initializer element for `gTrainers[156].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2045: initializer element for `gTrainers[156].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2049: initializer element for `gTrainers[156].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2050: initializer element for `gTrainers[156]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2050: initializer element for `gTrainers[156]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2050: initializer element for `gTrainers[156]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2050: initializer element for `gTrainers[156]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2057: initializer element for `gTrainers[157].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2058: initializer element for `gTrainers[157].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2062: initializer element for `gTrainers[157].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2063: initializer element for `gTrainers[157]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2063: initializer element for `gTrainers[157]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2063: initializer element for `gTrainers[157]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2063: initializer element for `gTrainers[157]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2070: initializer element for `gTrainers[158].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2071: initializer element for `gTrainers[158].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2075: initializer element for `gTrainers[158].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2076: initializer element for `gTrainers[158]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2076: initializer element for `gTrainers[158]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2076: initializer element for `gTrainers[158]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2076: initializer element for `gTrainers[158]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2083: initializer element for `gTrainers[159].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2084: initializer element for `gTrainers[159].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2088: initializer element for `gTrainers[159].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2089: initializer element for `gTrainers[159]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2089: initializer element for `gTrainers[159]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2089: initializer element for `gTrainers[159]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2089: initializer element for `gTrainers[159]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2096: initializer element for `gTrainers[160].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2097: initializer element for `gTrainers[160].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2101: initializer element for `gTrainers[160].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2102: initializer element for `gTrainers[160]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2102: initializer element for `gTrainers[160]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2102: initializer element for `gTrainers[160]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2102: initializer element for `gTrainers[160]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2109: initializer element for `gTrainers[161].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2110: initializer element for `gTrainers[161].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2114: initializer element for `gTrainers[161].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2115: initializer element for `gTrainers[161]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2115: initializer element for `gTrainers[161]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2115: initializer element for `gTrainers[161]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2115: initializer element for `gTrainers[161]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2122: initializer element for `gTrainers[162].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2123: initializer element for `gTrainers[162].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2127: initializer element for `gTrainers[162].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2128: initializer element for `gTrainers[162]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2128: initializer element for `gTrainers[162]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2128: initializer element for `gTrainers[162]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2128: initializer element for `gTrainers[162]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2135: initializer element for `gTrainers[163].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2136: initializer element for `gTrainers[163].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2140: initializer element for `gTrainers[163].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2141: initializer element for `gTrainers[163]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2141: initializer element for `gTrainers[163]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2141: initializer element for `gTrainers[163]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2141: initializer element for `gTrainers[163]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2148: initializer element for `gTrainers[164].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2149: initializer element for `gTrainers[164].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2153: initializer element for `gTrainers[164].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2154: initializer element for `gTrainers[164]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2154: initializer element for `gTrainers[164]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2154: initializer element for `gTrainers[164]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2154: initializer element for `gTrainers[164]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2161: initializer element for `gTrainers[165].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2162: initializer element for `gTrainers[165].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2166: initializer element for `gTrainers[165].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2167: initializer element for `gTrainers[165]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2167: initializer element for `gTrainers[165]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2167: initializer element for `gTrainers[165]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2167: initializer element for `gTrainers[165]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2174: initializer element for `gTrainers[166].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2175: initializer element for `gTrainers[166].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2179: initializer element for `gTrainers[166].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2180: initializer element for `gTrainers[166]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2180: initializer element for `gTrainers[166]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2180: initializer element for `gTrainers[166]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2180: initializer element for `gTrainers[166]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2187: initializer element for `gTrainers[167].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2188: initializer element for `gTrainers[167].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2192: initializer element for `gTrainers[167].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2193: initializer element for `gTrainers[167]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2193: initializer element for `gTrainers[167]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2193: initializer element for `gTrainers[167]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2193: initializer element for `gTrainers[167]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2200: initializer element for `gTrainers[168].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2201: initializer element for `gTrainers[168].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2205: initializer element for `gTrainers[168].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2206: initializer element for `gTrainers[168]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2206: initializer element for `gTrainers[168]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2206: initializer element for `gTrainers[168]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2206: initializer element for `gTrainers[168]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2213: initializer element for `gTrainers[169].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2214: initializer element for `gTrainers[169].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2218: initializer element for `gTrainers[169].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2219: initializer element for `gTrainers[169]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2219: initializer element for `gTrainers[169]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2219: initializer element for `gTrainers[169]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2219: initializer element for `gTrainers[169]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2226: initializer element for `gTrainers[170].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2227: initializer element for `gTrainers[170].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2231: initializer element for `gTrainers[170].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2232: initializer element for `gTrainers[170]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2232: initializer element for `gTrainers[170]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2232: initializer element for `gTrainers[170]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2232: initializer element for `gTrainers[170]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2239: initializer element for `gTrainers[171].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2240: initializer element for `gTrainers[171].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2244: initializer element for `gTrainers[171].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2245: initializer element for `gTrainers[171]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2245: initializer element for `gTrainers[171]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2245: initializer element for `gTrainers[171]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2245: initializer element for `gTrainers[171]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2252: initializer element for `gTrainers[172].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2253: initializer element for `gTrainers[172].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2257: initializer element for `gTrainers[172].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2258: initializer element for `gTrainers[172]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2258: initializer element for `gTrainers[172]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2258: initializer element for `gTrainers[172]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2258: initializer element for `gTrainers[172]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2265: initializer element for `gTrainers[173].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2266: initializer element for `gTrainers[173].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2270: initializer element for `gTrainers[173].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2271: initializer element for `gTrainers[173]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2271: initializer element for `gTrainers[173]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2271: initializer element for `gTrainers[173]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2271: initializer element for `gTrainers[173]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2278: initializer element for `gTrainers[174].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2279: initializer element for `gTrainers[174].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2283: initializer element for `gTrainers[174].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2284: initializer element for `gTrainers[174]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2284: initializer element for `gTrainers[174]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2284: initializer element for `gTrainers[174]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2284: initializer element for `gTrainers[174]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2291: initializer element for `gTrainers[175].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2292: initializer element for `gTrainers[175].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2296: initializer element for `gTrainers[175].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2297: initializer element for `gTrainers[175]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2297: initializer element for `gTrainers[175]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2297: initializer element for `gTrainers[175]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2297: initializer element for `gTrainers[175]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2304: initializer element for `gTrainers[176].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2305: initializer element for `gTrainers[176].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2309: initializer element for `gTrainers[176].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2310: initializer element for `gTrainers[176]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2310: initializer element for `gTrainers[176]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2310: initializer element for `gTrainers[176]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2310: initializer element for `gTrainers[176]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2317: initializer element for `gTrainers[177].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2318: initializer element for `gTrainers[177].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2322: initializer element for `gTrainers[177].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2323: initializer element for `gTrainers[177]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2323: initializer element for `gTrainers[177]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2323: initializer element for `gTrainers[177]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2323: initializer element for `gTrainers[177]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2330: initializer element for `gTrainers[178].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2331: initializer element for `gTrainers[178].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2335: initializer element for `gTrainers[178].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2336: initializer element for `gTrainers[178]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2336: initializer element for `gTrainers[178]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2336: initializer element for `gTrainers[178]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2336: initializer element for `gTrainers[178]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2343: initializer element for `gTrainers[179].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2344: initializer element for `gTrainers[179].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2348: initializer element for `gTrainers[179].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2349: initializer element for `gTrainers[179]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2349: initializer element for `gTrainers[179]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2349: initializer element for `gTrainers[179]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2349: initializer element for `gTrainers[179]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2356: initializer element for `gTrainers[180].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2357: initializer element for `gTrainers[180].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2361: initializer element for `gTrainers[180].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2362: initializer element for `gTrainers[180]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2362: initializer element for `gTrainers[180]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2362: initializer element for `gTrainers[180]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2362: initializer element for `gTrainers[180]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2370: initializer element for `gTrainers[181].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2371: initializer element for `gTrainers[181].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2375: initializer element for `gTrainers[181].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2377: initializer element for `gTrainers[181].transition' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2378: initializer element for `gTrainers[181]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2400: initializer element for `gTrainers[182].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2401: initializer element for `gTrainers[182].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2405: initializer element for `gTrainers[182].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2406: initializer element for `gTrainers[182]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2406: initializer element for `gTrainers[182]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2406: initializer element for `gTrainers[182]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2406: initializer element for `gTrainers[182]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2413: initializer element for `gTrainers[183].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2414: initializer element for `gTrainers[183].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2418: initializer element for `gTrainers[183].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2419: initializer element for `gTrainers[183]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2419: initializer element for `gTrainers[183]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2419: initializer element for `gTrainers[183]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2419: initializer element for `gTrainers[183]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2426: initializer element for `gTrainers[184].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2427: initializer element for `gTrainers[184].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2431: initializer element for `gTrainers[184].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2432: initializer element for `gTrainers[184]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2432: initializer element for `gTrainers[184]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2432: initializer element for `gTrainers[184]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2432: initializer element for `gTrainers[184]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2439: initializer element for `gTrainers[185].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2440: initializer element for `gTrainers[185].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2444: initializer element for `gTrainers[185].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2445: initializer element for `gTrainers[185]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2445: initializer element for `gTrainers[185]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2445: initializer element for `gTrainers[185]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2445: initializer element for `gTrainers[185]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2452: initializer element for `gTrainers[186].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2453: initializer element for `gTrainers[186].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2457: initializer element for `gTrainers[186].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2458: initializer element for `gTrainers[186]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2458: initializer element for `gTrainers[186]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2458: initializer element for `gTrainers[186]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2458: initializer element for `gTrainers[186]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2465: initializer element for `gTrainers[187].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2466: initializer element for `gTrainers[187].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2470: initializer element for `gTrainers[187].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2471: initializer element for `gTrainers[187]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2471: initializer element for `gTrainers[187]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2471: initializer element for `gTrainers[187]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2471: initializer element for `gTrainers[187]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2478: initializer element for `gTrainers[188].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2479: initializer element for `gTrainers[188].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2483: initializer element for `gTrainers[188].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2484: initializer element for `gTrainers[188]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2484: initializer element for `gTrainers[188]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2484: initializer element for `gTrainers[188]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2484: initializer element for `gTrainers[188]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2491: initializer element for `gTrainers[189].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2492: initializer element for `gTrainers[189].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2496: initializer element for `gTrainers[189].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2497: initializer element for `gTrainers[189]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2497: initializer element for `gTrainers[189]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2497: initializer element for `gTrainers[189]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2497: initializer element for `gTrainers[189]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2504: initializer element for `gTrainers[190].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2505: initializer element for `gTrainers[190].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2509: initializer element for `gTrainers[190].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2510: initializer element for `gTrainers[190]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2510: initializer element for `gTrainers[190]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2510: initializer element for `gTrainers[190]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2510: initializer element for `gTrainers[190]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2517: initializer element for `gTrainers[191].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2518: initializer element for `gTrainers[191].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2522: initializer element for `gTrainers[191].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2523: initializer element for `gTrainers[191]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2523: initializer element for `gTrainers[191]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2523: initializer element for `gTrainers[191]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2523: initializer element for `gTrainers[191]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2530: initializer element for `gTrainers[192].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2531: initializer element for `gTrainers[192].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2535: initializer element for `gTrainers[192].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2536: initializer element for `gTrainers[192]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2536: initializer element for `gTrainers[192]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2536: initializer element for `gTrainers[192]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2536: initializer element for `gTrainers[192]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2543: initializer element for `gTrainers[193].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2544: initializer element for `gTrainers[193].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2548: initializer element for `gTrainers[193].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2549: initializer element for `gTrainers[193]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2549: initializer element for `gTrainers[193]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2549: initializer element for `gTrainers[193]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2549: initializer element for `gTrainers[193]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2556: initializer element for `gTrainers[194].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2557: initializer element for `gTrainers[194].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2561: initializer element for `gTrainers[194].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2562: initializer element for `gTrainers[194]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2562: initializer element for `gTrainers[194]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2562: initializer element for `gTrainers[194]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2562: initializer element for `gTrainers[194]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2569: initializer element for `gTrainers[195].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2570: initializer element for `gTrainers[195].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2574: initializer element for `gTrainers[195].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2575: initializer element for `gTrainers[195]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2575: initializer element for `gTrainers[195]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2575: initializer element for `gTrainers[195]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2575: initializer element for `gTrainers[195]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2582: initializer element for `gTrainers[196].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2583: initializer element for `gTrainers[196].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2587: initializer element for `gTrainers[196].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2588: initializer element for `gTrainers[196]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2588: initializer element for `gTrainers[196]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2588: initializer element for `gTrainers[196]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2588: initializer element for `gTrainers[196]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2595: initializer element for `gTrainers[197].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2596: initializer element for `gTrainers[197].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2600: initializer element for `gTrainers[197].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2601: initializer element for `gTrainers[197]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2601: initializer element for `gTrainers[197]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2601: initializer element for `gTrainers[197]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2601: initializer element for `gTrainers[197]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2608: initializer element for `gTrainers[198].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2609: initializer element for `gTrainers[198].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2613: initializer element for `gTrainers[198].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2614: initializer element for `gTrainers[198]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2614: initializer element for `gTrainers[198]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2614: initializer element for `gTrainers[198]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2614: initializer element for `gTrainers[198]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2621: initializer element for `gTrainers[199].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2622: initializer element for `gTrainers[199].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2626: initializer element for `gTrainers[199].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2627: initializer element for `gTrainers[199]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2627: initializer element for `gTrainers[199]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2627: initializer element for `gTrainers[199]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2627: initializer element for `gTrainers[199]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2634: initializer element for `gTrainers[200].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2635: initializer element for `gTrainers[200].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2639: initializer element for `gTrainers[200].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2640: initializer element for `gTrainers[200]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2640: initializer element for `gTrainers[200]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2640: initializer element for `gTrainers[200]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2640: initializer element for `gTrainers[200]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2647: initializer element for `gTrainers[201].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2648: initializer element for `gTrainers[201].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2652: initializer element for `gTrainers[201].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2653: initializer element for `gTrainers[201]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2653: initializer element for `gTrainers[201]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2653: initializer element for `gTrainers[201]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2653: initializer element for `gTrainers[201]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2660: initializer element for `gTrainers[202].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2661: initializer element for `gTrainers[202].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2665: initializer element for `gTrainers[202].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2666: initializer element for `gTrainers[202]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2666: initializer element for `gTrainers[202]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2666: initializer element for `gTrainers[202]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2666: initializer element for `gTrainers[202]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2673: initializer element for `gTrainers[203].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2674: initializer element for `gTrainers[203].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2678: initializer element for `gTrainers[203].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2679: initializer element for `gTrainers[203]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2679: initializer element for `gTrainers[203]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2679: initializer element for `gTrainers[203]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2679: initializer element for `gTrainers[203]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2686: initializer element for `gTrainers[204].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2687: initializer element for `gTrainers[204].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2691: initializer element for `gTrainers[204].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2692: initializer element for `gTrainers[204]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2692: initializer element for `gTrainers[204]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2692: initializer element for `gTrainers[204]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2692: initializer element for `gTrainers[204]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2699: initializer element for `gTrainers[205].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2700: initializer element for `gTrainers[205].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2704: initializer element for `gTrainers[205].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2705: initializer element for `gTrainers[205]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2705: initializer element for `gTrainers[205]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2705: initializer element for `gTrainers[205]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2705: initializer element for `gTrainers[205]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2712: initializer element for `gTrainers[206].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2713: initializer element for `gTrainers[206].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2717: initializer element for `gTrainers[206].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2718: initializer element for `gTrainers[206]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2718: initializer element for `gTrainers[206]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2718: initializer element for `gTrainers[206]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2718: initializer element for `gTrainers[206]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2725: initializer element for `gTrainers[207].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2726: initializer element for `gTrainers[207].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2730: initializer element for `gTrainers[207].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2731: initializer element for `gTrainers[207]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2731: initializer element for `gTrainers[207]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2731: initializer element for `gTrainers[207]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2731: initializer element for `gTrainers[207]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2738: initializer element for `gTrainers[208].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2739: initializer element for `gTrainers[208].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2743: initializer element for `gTrainers[208].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2744: initializer element for `gTrainers[208]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2744: initializer element for `gTrainers[208]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2744: initializer element for `gTrainers[208]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2744: initializer element for `gTrainers[208]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2751: initializer element for `gTrainers[209].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2752: initializer element for `gTrainers[209].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2756: initializer element for `gTrainers[209].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2757: initializer element for `gTrainers[209]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2757: initializer element for `gTrainers[209]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2757: initializer element for `gTrainers[209]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2757: initializer element for `gTrainers[209]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2764: initializer element for `gTrainers[210].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2765: initializer element for `gTrainers[210].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2769: initializer element for `gTrainers[210].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2770: initializer element for `gTrainers[210]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2770: initializer element for `gTrainers[210]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2770: initializer element for `gTrainers[210]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2770: initializer element for `gTrainers[210]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2777: initializer element for `gTrainers[211].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2778: initializer element for `gTrainers[211].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2782: initializer element for `gTrainers[211].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2783: initializer element for `gTrainers[211]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2783: initializer element for `gTrainers[211]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2783: initializer element for `gTrainers[211]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2783: initializer element for `gTrainers[211]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2790: initializer element for `gTrainers[212].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2791: initializer element for `gTrainers[212].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2795: initializer element for `gTrainers[212].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2796: initializer element for `gTrainers[212]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2796: initializer element for `gTrainers[212]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2796: initializer element for `gTrainers[212]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2796: initializer element for `gTrainers[212]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2803: initializer element for `gTrainers[213].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2804: initializer element for `gTrainers[213].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2808: initializer element for `gTrainers[213].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2809: initializer element for `gTrainers[213]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2809: initializer element for `gTrainers[213]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2809: initializer element for `gTrainers[213]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2809: initializer element for `gTrainers[213]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2816: initializer element for `gTrainers[214].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2817: initializer element for `gTrainers[214].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2821: initializer element for `gTrainers[214].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2822: initializer element for `gTrainers[214]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2822: initializer element for `gTrainers[214]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2822: initializer element for `gTrainers[214]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2822: initializer element for `gTrainers[214]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2829: initializer element for `gTrainers[215].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2830: initializer element for `gTrainers[215].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2834: initializer element for `gTrainers[215].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2835: initializer element for `gTrainers[215]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2835: initializer element for `gTrainers[215]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2835: initializer element for `gTrainers[215]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2835: initializer element for `gTrainers[215]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2842: initializer element for `gTrainers[216].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2843: initializer element for `gTrainers[216].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2847: initializer element for `gTrainers[216].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2848: initializer element for `gTrainers[216]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2848: initializer element for `gTrainers[216]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2848: initializer element for `gTrainers[216]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2848: initializer element for `gTrainers[216]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2855: initializer element for `gTrainers[217].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2856: initializer element for `gTrainers[217].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2860: initializer element for `gTrainers[217].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2861: initializer element for `gTrainers[217]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2861: initializer element for `gTrainers[217]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2861: initializer element for `gTrainers[217]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2861: initializer element for `gTrainers[217]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2868: initializer element for `gTrainers[218].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2869: initializer element for `gTrainers[218].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2873: initializer element for `gTrainers[218].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2874: initializer element for `gTrainers[218]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2874: initializer element for `gTrainers[218]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2874: initializer element for `gTrainers[218]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2874: initializer element for `gTrainers[218]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2881: initializer element for `gTrainers[219].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2882: initializer element for `gTrainers[219].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2886: initializer element for `gTrainers[219].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2887: initializer element for `gTrainers[219]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2887: initializer element for `gTrainers[219]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2887: initializer element for `gTrainers[219]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2887: initializer element for `gTrainers[219]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2894: initializer element for `gTrainers[220].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2895: initializer element for `gTrainers[220].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2899: initializer element for `gTrainers[220].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2900: initializer element for `gTrainers[220]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2900: initializer element for `gTrainers[220]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2900: initializer element for `gTrainers[220]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2900: initializer element for `gTrainers[220]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2907: initializer element for `gTrainers[221].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2908: initializer element for `gTrainers[221].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2912: initializer element for `gTrainers[221].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2913: initializer element for `gTrainers[221]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2913: initializer element for `gTrainers[221]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2913: initializer element for `gTrainers[221]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2913: initializer element for `gTrainers[221]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2920: initializer element for `gTrainers[222].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2921: initializer element for `gTrainers[222].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2925: initializer element for `gTrainers[222].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2926: initializer element for `gTrainers[222]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2926: initializer element for `gTrainers[222]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2926: initializer element for `gTrainers[222]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2926: initializer element for `gTrainers[222]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2933: initializer element for `gTrainers[223].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2934: initializer element for `gTrainers[223].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2938: initializer element for `gTrainers[223].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2939: initializer element for `gTrainers[223]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2939: initializer element for `gTrainers[223]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2939: initializer element for `gTrainers[223]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2939: initializer element for `gTrainers[223]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2946: initializer element for `gTrainers[224].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2947: initializer element for `gTrainers[224].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2951: initializer element for `gTrainers[224].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2952: initializer element for `gTrainers[224]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2952: initializer element for `gTrainers[224]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2952: initializer element for `gTrainers[224]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2952: initializer element for `gTrainers[224]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2959: initializer element for `gTrainers[225].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2960: initializer element for `gTrainers[225].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2964: initializer element for `gTrainers[225].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2965: initializer element for `gTrainers[225]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2965: initializer element for `gTrainers[225]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2965: initializer element for `gTrainers[225]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2965: initializer element for `gTrainers[225]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2972: initializer element for `gTrainers[226].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2973: initializer element for `gTrainers[226].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2977: initializer element for `gTrainers[226].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2978: initializer element for `gTrainers[226]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2978: initializer element for `gTrainers[226]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2978: initializer element for `gTrainers[226]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2978: initializer element for `gTrainers[226]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2985: initializer element for `gTrainers[227].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2986: initializer element for `gTrainers[227].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2990: initializer element for `gTrainers[227].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2991: initializer element for `gTrainers[227]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2991: initializer element for `gTrainers[227]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2991: initializer element for `gTrainers[227]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2991: initializer element for `gTrainers[227]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2998: initializer element for `gTrainers[228].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:2999: initializer element for `gTrainers[228].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3003: initializer element for `gTrainers[228].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3004: initializer element for `gTrainers[228]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3004: initializer element for `gTrainers[228]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3004: initializer element for `gTrainers[228]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3004: initializer element for `gTrainers[228]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3011: initializer element for `gTrainers[229].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3012: initializer element for `gTrainers[229].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3016: initializer element for `gTrainers[229].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3017: initializer element for `gTrainers[229]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3017: initializer element for `gTrainers[229]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3017: initializer element for `gTrainers[229]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3017: initializer element for `gTrainers[229]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3024: initializer element for `gTrainers[230].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3025: initializer element for `gTrainers[230].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3029: initializer element for `gTrainers[230].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3030: initializer element for `gTrainers[230]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3030: initializer element for `gTrainers[230]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3030: initializer element for `gTrainers[230]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3030: initializer element for `gTrainers[230]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3037: initializer element for `gTrainers[231].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3038: initializer element for `gTrainers[231].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3042: initializer element for `gTrainers[231].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3043: initializer element for `gTrainers[231]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3043: initializer element for `gTrainers[231]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3043: initializer element for `gTrainers[231]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3043: initializer element for `gTrainers[231]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3050: initializer element for `gTrainers[232].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3051: initializer element for `gTrainers[232].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3055: initializer element for `gTrainers[232].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3056: initializer element for `gTrainers[232]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3056: initializer element for `gTrainers[232]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3056: initializer element for `gTrainers[232]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3056: initializer element for `gTrainers[232]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3063: initializer element for `gTrainers[233].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3064: initializer element for `gTrainers[233].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3068: initializer element for `gTrainers[233].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3069: initializer element for `gTrainers[233]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3069: initializer element for `gTrainers[233]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3069: initializer element for `gTrainers[233]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3069: initializer element for `gTrainers[233]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3076: initializer element for `gTrainers[234].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3077: initializer element for `gTrainers[234].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3081: initializer element for `gTrainers[234].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3082: initializer element for `gTrainers[234]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3082: initializer element for `gTrainers[234]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3082: initializer element for `gTrainers[234]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3082: initializer element for `gTrainers[234]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3089: initializer element for `gTrainers[235].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3090: initializer element for `gTrainers[235].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3094: initializer element for `gTrainers[235].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3095: initializer element for `gTrainers[235]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3095: initializer element for `gTrainers[235]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3095: initializer element for `gTrainers[235]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3095: initializer element for `gTrainers[235]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3102: initializer element for `gTrainers[236].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3103: initializer element for `gTrainers[236].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3107: initializer element for `gTrainers[236].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3108: initializer element for `gTrainers[236]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3108: initializer element for `gTrainers[236]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3108: initializer element for `gTrainers[236]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3108: initializer element for `gTrainers[236]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3115: initializer element for `gTrainers[237].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3116: initializer element for `gTrainers[237].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3120: initializer element for `gTrainers[237].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3121: initializer element for `gTrainers[237]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3121: initializer element for `gTrainers[237]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3121: initializer element for `gTrainers[237]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3121: initializer element for `gTrainers[237]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3128: initializer element for `gTrainers[238].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3129: initializer element for `gTrainers[238].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3133: initializer element for `gTrainers[238].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3134: initializer element for `gTrainers[238]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3134: initializer element for `gTrainers[238]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3134: initializer element for `gTrainers[238]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3134: initializer element for `gTrainers[238]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3141: initializer element for `gTrainers[239].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3142: initializer element for `gTrainers[239].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3146: initializer element for `gTrainers[239].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3147: initializer element for `gTrainers[239]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3147: initializer element for `gTrainers[239]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3147: initializer element for `gTrainers[239]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3147: initializer element for `gTrainers[239]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3154: initializer element for `gTrainers[240].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3155: initializer element for `gTrainers[240].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3159: initializer element for `gTrainers[240].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3160: initializer element for `gTrainers[240]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3160: initializer element for `gTrainers[240]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3160: initializer element for `gTrainers[240]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3160: initializer element for `gTrainers[240]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3167: initializer element for `gTrainers[241].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3168: initializer element for `gTrainers[241].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3172: initializer element for `gTrainers[241].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3173: initializer element for `gTrainers[241]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3173: initializer element for `gTrainers[241]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3173: initializer element for `gTrainers[241]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3173: initializer element for `gTrainers[241]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3180: initializer element for `gTrainers[242].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3181: initializer element for `gTrainers[242].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3185: initializer element for `gTrainers[242].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3186: initializer element for `gTrainers[242]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3186: initializer element for `gTrainers[242]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3186: initializer element for `gTrainers[242]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3186: initializer element for `gTrainers[242]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3193: initializer element for `gTrainers[243].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3194: initializer element for `gTrainers[243].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3198: initializer element for `gTrainers[243].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3199: initializer element for `gTrainers[243]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3199: initializer element for `gTrainers[243]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3199: initializer element for `gTrainers[243]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3199: initializer element for `gTrainers[243]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3206: initializer element for `gTrainers[244].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3207: initializer element for `gTrainers[244].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3211: initializer element for `gTrainers[244].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3212: initializer element for `gTrainers[244]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3212: initializer element for `gTrainers[244]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3212: initializer element for `gTrainers[244]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3212: initializer element for `gTrainers[244]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3219: initializer element for `gTrainers[245].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3220: initializer element for `gTrainers[245].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3224: initializer element for `gTrainers[245].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3225: initializer element for `gTrainers[245]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3225: initializer element for `gTrainers[245]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3225: initializer element for `gTrainers[245]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3225: initializer element for `gTrainers[245]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3232: initializer element for `gTrainers[246].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3233: initializer element for `gTrainers[246].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3237: initializer element for `gTrainers[246].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3238: initializer element for `gTrainers[246]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3238: initializer element for `gTrainers[246]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3238: initializer element for `gTrainers[246]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3238: initializer element for `gTrainers[246]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3245: initializer element for `gTrainers[247].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3246: initializer element for `gTrainers[247].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3250: initializer element for `gTrainers[247].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3251: initializer element for `gTrainers[247]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3251: initializer element for `gTrainers[247]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3251: initializer element for `gTrainers[247]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3251: initializer element for `gTrainers[247]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3258: initializer element for `gTrainers[248].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3259: initializer element for `gTrainers[248].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3263: initializer element for `gTrainers[248].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3264: initializer element for `gTrainers[248]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3264: initializer element for `gTrainers[248]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3264: initializer element for `gTrainers[248]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3264: initializer element for `gTrainers[248]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3271: initializer element for `gTrainers[249].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3272: initializer element for `gTrainers[249].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3276: initializer element for `gTrainers[249].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3277: initializer element for `gTrainers[249]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3277: initializer element for `gTrainers[249]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3277: initializer element for `gTrainers[249]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3277: initializer element for `gTrainers[249]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3284: initializer element for `gTrainers[250].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3285: initializer element for `gTrainers[250].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3289: initializer element for `gTrainers[250].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3290: initializer element for `gTrainers[250]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3290: initializer element for `gTrainers[250]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3290: initializer element for `gTrainers[250]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3290: initializer element for `gTrainers[250]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3297: initializer element for `gTrainers[251].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3298: initializer element for `gTrainers[251].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3302: initializer element for `gTrainers[251].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3303: initializer element for `gTrainers[251]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3303: initializer element for `gTrainers[251]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3303: initializer element for `gTrainers[251]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3303: initializer element for `gTrainers[251]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3310: initializer element for `gTrainers[252].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3311: initializer element for `gTrainers[252].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3315: initializer element for `gTrainers[252].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3316: initializer element for `gTrainers[252]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3316: initializer element for `gTrainers[252]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3316: initializer element for `gTrainers[252]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3316: initializer element for `gTrainers[252]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3323: initializer element for `gTrainers[253].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3324: initializer element for `gTrainers[253].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3328: initializer element for `gTrainers[253].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3329: initializer element for `gTrainers[253]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3329: initializer element for `gTrainers[253]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3329: initializer element for `gTrainers[253]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3329: initializer element for `gTrainers[253]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3336: initializer element for `gTrainers[254].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3337: initializer element for `gTrainers[254].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3341: initializer element for `gTrainers[254].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3342: initializer element for `gTrainers[254]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3342: initializer element for `gTrainers[254]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3342: initializer element for `gTrainers[254]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3342: initializer element for `gTrainers[254]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3349: initializer element for `gTrainers[255].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3350: initializer element for `gTrainers[255].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3354: initializer element for `gTrainers[255].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3355: initializer element for `gTrainers[255]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3355: initializer element for `gTrainers[255]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3355: initializer element for `gTrainers[255]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3355: initializer element for `gTrainers[255]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3362: initializer element for `gTrainers[256].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3363: initializer element for `gTrainers[256].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3367: initializer element for `gTrainers[256].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3368: initializer element for `gTrainers[256]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3368: initializer element for `gTrainers[256]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3368: initializer element for `gTrainers[256]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3368: initializer element for `gTrainers[256]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3375: initializer element for `gTrainers[257].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3376: initializer element for `gTrainers[257].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3380: initializer element for `gTrainers[257].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3381: initializer element for `gTrainers[257]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3381: initializer element for `gTrainers[257]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3381: initializer element for `gTrainers[257]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3381: initializer element for `gTrainers[257]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3388: initializer element for `gTrainers[258].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3389: initializer element for `gTrainers[258].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3393: initializer element for `gTrainers[258].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3394: initializer element for `gTrainers[258]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3394: initializer element for `gTrainers[258]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3394: initializer element for `gTrainers[258]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3394: initializer element for `gTrainers[258]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3401: initializer element for `gTrainers[259].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3402: initializer element for `gTrainers[259].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3406: initializer element for `gTrainers[259].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3407: initializer element for `gTrainers[259]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3407: initializer element for `gTrainers[259]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3407: initializer element for `gTrainers[259]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3407: initializer element for `gTrainers[259]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3414: initializer element for `gTrainers[260].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3415: initializer element for `gTrainers[260].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3419: initializer element for `gTrainers[260].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3420: initializer element for `gTrainers[260]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3420: initializer element for `gTrainers[260]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3420: initializer element for `gTrainers[260]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3420: initializer element for `gTrainers[260]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3427: initializer element for `gTrainers[261].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3428: initializer element for `gTrainers[261].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3432: initializer element for `gTrainers[261].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3433: initializer element for `gTrainers[261]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3433: initializer element for `gTrainers[261]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3433: initializer element for `gTrainers[261]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3433: initializer element for `gTrainers[261]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3440: initializer element for `gTrainers[262].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3441: initializer element for `gTrainers[262].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3445: initializer element for `gTrainers[262].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3446: initializer element for `gTrainers[262]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3446: initializer element for `gTrainers[262]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3446: initializer element for `gTrainers[262]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3446: initializer element for `gTrainers[262]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3453: initializer element for `gTrainers[263].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3454: initializer element for `gTrainers[263].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3458: initializer element for `gTrainers[263].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3459: initializer element for `gTrainers[263]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3459: initializer element for `gTrainers[263]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3459: initializer element for `gTrainers[263]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3459: initializer element for `gTrainers[263]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3466: initializer element for `gTrainers[264].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3467: initializer element for `gTrainers[264].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3471: initializer element for `gTrainers[264].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3472: initializer element for `gTrainers[264]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3472: initializer element for `gTrainers[264]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3472: initializer element for `gTrainers[264]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3472: initializer element for `gTrainers[264]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3479: initializer element for `gTrainers[265].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3480: initializer element for `gTrainers[265].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3484: initializer element for `gTrainers[265].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3485: initializer element for `gTrainers[265]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3485: initializer element for `gTrainers[265]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3485: initializer element for `gTrainers[265]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3485: initializer element for `gTrainers[265]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3492: initializer element for `gTrainers[266].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3493: initializer element for `gTrainers[266].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3497: initializer element for `gTrainers[266].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3498: initializer element for `gTrainers[266]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3498: initializer element for `gTrainers[266]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3498: initializer element for `gTrainers[266]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3498: initializer element for `gTrainers[266]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3505: initializer element for `gTrainers[267].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3506: initializer element for `gTrainers[267].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3510: initializer element for `gTrainers[267].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3511: initializer element for `gTrainers[267]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3511: initializer element for `gTrainers[267]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3511: initializer element for `gTrainers[267]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3511: initializer element for `gTrainers[267]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3518: initializer element for `gTrainers[268].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3519: initializer element for `gTrainers[268].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3523: initializer element for `gTrainers[268].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3524: initializer element for `gTrainers[268]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3524: initializer element for `gTrainers[268]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3524: initializer element for `gTrainers[268]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3524: initializer element for `gTrainers[268]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3531: initializer element for `gTrainers[269].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3532: initializer element for `gTrainers[269].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3536: initializer element for `gTrainers[269].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3537: initializer element for `gTrainers[269]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3537: initializer element for `gTrainers[269]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3537: initializer element for `gTrainers[269]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3537: initializer element for `gTrainers[269]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3544: initializer element for `gTrainers[270].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3545: initializer element for `gTrainers[270].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3549: initializer element for `gTrainers[270].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3550: initializer element for `gTrainers[270]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3550: initializer element for `gTrainers[270]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3550: initializer element for `gTrainers[270]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3550: initializer element for `gTrainers[270]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3557: initializer element for `gTrainers[271].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3558: initializer element for `gTrainers[271].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3562: initializer element for `gTrainers[271].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3563: initializer element for `gTrainers[271]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3563: initializer element for `gTrainers[271]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3563: initializer element for `gTrainers[271]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3563: initializer element for `gTrainers[271]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3570: initializer element for `gTrainers[272].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3571: initializer element for `gTrainers[272].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3575: initializer element for `gTrainers[272].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3576: initializer element for `gTrainers[272]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3576: initializer element for `gTrainers[272]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3576: initializer element for `gTrainers[272]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3576: initializer element for `gTrainers[272]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3583: initializer element for `gTrainers[273].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3584: initializer element for `gTrainers[273].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3588: initializer element for `gTrainers[273].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3589: initializer element for `gTrainers[273]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3589: initializer element for `gTrainers[273]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3589: initializer element for `gTrainers[273]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3589: initializer element for `gTrainers[273]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3596: initializer element for `gTrainers[274].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3597: initializer element for `gTrainers[274].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3601: initializer element for `gTrainers[274].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3602: initializer element for `gTrainers[274]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3602: initializer element for `gTrainers[274]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3602: initializer element for `gTrainers[274]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3602: initializer element for `gTrainers[274]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3609: initializer element for `gTrainers[275].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3610: initializer element for `gTrainers[275].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3614: initializer element for `gTrainers[275].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3615: initializer element for `gTrainers[275]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3615: initializer element for `gTrainers[275]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3615: initializer element for `gTrainers[275]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3615: initializer element for `gTrainers[275]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3622: initializer element for `gTrainers[276].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3623: initializer element for `gTrainers[276].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3627: initializer element for `gTrainers[276].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3628: initializer element for `gTrainers[276]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3628: initializer element for `gTrainers[276]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3628: initializer element for `gTrainers[276]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3628: initializer element for `gTrainers[276]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3635: initializer element for `gTrainers[277].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3636: initializer element for `gTrainers[277].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3640: initializer element for `gTrainers[277].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3641: initializer element for `gTrainers[277]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3641: initializer element for `gTrainers[277]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3641: initializer element for `gTrainers[277]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3641: initializer element for `gTrainers[277]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3648: initializer element for `gTrainers[278].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3649: initializer element for `gTrainers[278].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3653: initializer element for `gTrainers[278].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3654: initializer element for `gTrainers[278]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3654: initializer element for `gTrainers[278]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3654: initializer element for `gTrainers[278]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3654: initializer element for `gTrainers[278]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3661: initializer element for `gTrainers[279].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3662: initializer element for `gTrainers[279].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3666: initializer element for `gTrainers[279].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3667: initializer element for `gTrainers[279]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3667: initializer element for `gTrainers[279]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3667: initializer element for `gTrainers[279]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3667: initializer element for `gTrainers[279]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3674: initializer element for `gTrainers[280].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3675: initializer element for `gTrainers[280].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3679: initializer element for `gTrainers[280].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3680: initializer element for `gTrainers[280]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3680: initializer element for `gTrainers[280]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3680: initializer element for `gTrainers[280]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3680: initializer element for `gTrainers[280]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3687: initializer element for `gTrainers[281].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3688: initializer element for `gTrainers[281].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3692: initializer element for `gTrainers[281].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3693: initializer element for `gTrainers[281]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3693: initializer element for `gTrainers[281]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3693: initializer element for `gTrainers[281]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3693: initializer element for `gTrainers[281]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3700: initializer element for `gTrainers[282].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3701: initializer element for `gTrainers[282].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3705: initializer element for `gTrainers[282].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3706: initializer element for `gTrainers[282]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3706: initializer element for `gTrainers[282]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3706: initializer element for `gTrainers[282]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3706: initializer element for `gTrainers[282]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3713: initializer element for `gTrainers[283].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3714: initializer element for `gTrainers[283].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3718: initializer element for `gTrainers[283].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3719: initializer element for `gTrainers[283]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3719: initializer element for `gTrainers[283]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3719: initializer element for `gTrainers[283]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3719: initializer element for `gTrainers[283]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3726: initializer element for `gTrainers[284].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3727: initializer element for `gTrainers[284].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3731: initializer element for `gTrainers[284].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3732: initializer element for `gTrainers[284]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3732: initializer element for `gTrainers[284]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3732: initializer element for `gTrainers[284]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3732: initializer element for `gTrainers[284]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3739: initializer element for `gTrainers[285].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3740: initializer element for `gTrainers[285].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3744: initializer element for `gTrainers[285].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3745: initializer element for `gTrainers[285]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3745: initializer element for `gTrainers[285]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3745: initializer element for `gTrainers[285]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3745: initializer element for `gTrainers[285]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3752: initializer element for `gTrainers[286].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3753: initializer element for `gTrainers[286].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3757: initializer element for `gTrainers[286].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3758: initializer element for `gTrainers[286]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3758: initializer element for `gTrainers[286]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3758: initializer element for `gTrainers[286]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3758: initializer element for `gTrainers[286]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3765: initializer element for `gTrainers[287].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3766: initializer element for `gTrainers[287].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3770: initializer element for `gTrainers[287].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3771: initializer element for `gTrainers[287]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3771: initializer element for `gTrainers[287]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3771: initializer element for `gTrainers[287]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3771: initializer element for `gTrainers[287]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3778: initializer element for `gTrainers[288].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3779: initializer element for `gTrainers[288].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3783: initializer element for `gTrainers[288].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3784: initializer element for `gTrainers[288]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3784: initializer element for `gTrainers[288]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3784: initializer element for `gTrainers[288]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3784: initializer element for `gTrainers[288]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3791: initializer element for `gTrainers[289].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3792: initializer element for `gTrainers[289].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3796: initializer element for `gTrainers[289].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3797: initializer element for `gTrainers[289]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3797: initializer element for `gTrainers[289]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3797: initializer element for `gTrainers[289]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3797: initializer element for `gTrainers[289]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3804: initializer element for `gTrainers[290].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3805: initializer element for `gTrainers[290].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3809: initializer element for `gTrainers[290].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3810: initializer element for `gTrainers[290]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3810: initializer element for `gTrainers[290]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3810: initializer element for `gTrainers[290]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3810: initializer element for `gTrainers[290]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3817: initializer element for `gTrainers[291].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3818: initializer element for `gTrainers[291].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3822: initializer element for `gTrainers[291].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3823: initializer element for `gTrainers[291]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3823: initializer element for `gTrainers[291]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3823: initializer element for `gTrainers[291]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3823: initializer element for `gTrainers[291]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3830: initializer element for `gTrainers[292].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3831: initializer element for `gTrainers[292].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3835: initializer element for `gTrainers[292].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3836: initializer element for `gTrainers[292]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3836: initializer element for `gTrainers[292]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3836: initializer element for `gTrainers[292]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3836: initializer element for `gTrainers[292]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3843: initializer element for `gTrainers[293].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3844: initializer element for `gTrainers[293].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3848: initializer element for `gTrainers[293].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3849: initializer element for `gTrainers[293]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3849: initializer element for `gTrainers[293]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3849: initializer element for `gTrainers[293]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3849: initializer element for `gTrainers[293]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3856: initializer element for `gTrainers[294].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3857: initializer element for `gTrainers[294].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3861: initializer element for `gTrainers[294].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3862: initializer element for `gTrainers[294]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3862: initializer element for `gTrainers[294]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3862: initializer element for `gTrainers[294]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3862: initializer element for `gTrainers[294]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3869: initializer element for `gTrainers[295].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3870: initializer element for `gTrainers[295].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3874: initializer element for `gTrainers[295].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3875: initializer element for `gTrainers[295]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3875: initializer element for `gTrainers[295]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3875: initializer element for `gTrainers[295]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3875: initializer element for `gTrainers[295]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3882: initializer element for `gTrainers[296].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3883: initializer element for `gTrainers[296].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3887: initializer element for `gTrainers[296].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3888: initializer element for `gTrainers[296]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3888: initializer element for `gTrainers[296]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3888: initializer element for `gTrainers[296]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3888: initializer element for `gTrainers[296]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3895: initializer element for `gTrainers[297].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3896: initializer element for `gTrainers[297].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3900: initializer element for `gTrainers[297].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3901: initializer element for `gTrainers[297]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3901: initializer element for `gTrainers[297]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3901: initializer element for `gTrainers[297]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3901: initializer element for `gTrainers[297]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3908: initializer element for `gTrainers[298].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3909: initializer element for `gTrainers[298].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3913: initializer element for `gTrainers[298].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3914: initializer element for `gTrainers[298]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3914: initializer element for `gTrainers[298]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3914: initializer element for `gTrainers[298]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3914: initializer element for `gTrainers[298]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3921: initializer element for `gTrainers[299].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3922: initializer element for `gTrainers[299].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3926: initializer element for `gTrainers[299].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3927: initializer element for `gTrainers[299]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3927: initializer element for `gTrainers[299]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3927: initializer element for `gTrainers[299]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3927: initializer element for `gTrainers[299]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3934: initializer element for `gTrainers[300].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3935: initializer element for `gTrainers[300].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3939: initializer element for `gTrainers[300].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3940: initializer element for `gTrainers[300]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3940: initializer element for `gTrainers[300]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3940: initializer element for `gTrainers[300]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3940: initializer element for `gTrainers[300]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3947: initializer element for `gTrainers[301].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3948: initializer element for `gTrainers[301].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3952: initializer element for `gTrainers[301].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3953: initializer element for `gTrainers[301]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3953: initializer element for `gTrainers[301]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3953: initializer element for `gTrainers[301]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3953: initializer element for `gTrainers[301]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3960: initializer element for `gTrainers[302].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3961: initializer element for `gTrainers[302].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3965: initializer element for `gTrainers[302].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3966: initializer element for `gTrainers[302]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3966: initializer element for `gTrainers[302]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3966: initializer element for `gTrainers[302]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3966: initializer element for `gTrainers[302]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3973: initializer element for `gTrainers[303].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3974: initializer element for `gTrainers[303].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3978: initializer element for `gTrainers[303].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3979: initializer element for `gTrainers[303]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3979: initializer element for `gTrainers[303]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3979: initializer element for `gTrainers[303]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3979: initializer element for `gTrainers[303]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3986: initializer element for `gTrainers[304].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3987: initializer element for `gTrainers[304].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3991: initializer element for `gTrainers[304].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3992: initializer element for `gTrainers[304]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3992: initializer element for `gTrainers[304]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3992: initializer element for `gTrainers[304]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3992: initializer element for `gTrainers[304]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:3999: initializer element for `gTrainers[305].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4000: initializer element for `gTrainers[305].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4004: initializer element for `gTrainers[305].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4005: initializer element for `gTrainers[305]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4005: initializer element for `gTrainers[305]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4005: initializer element for `gTrainers[305]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4005: initializer element for `gTrainers[305]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4012: initializer element for `gTrainers[306].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4013: initializer element for `gTrainers[306].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4017: initializer element for `gTrainers[306].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4018: initializer element for `gTrainers[306]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4018: initializer element for `gTrainers[306]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4018: initializer element for `gTrainers[306]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4018: initializer element for `gTrainers[306]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4025: initializer element for `gTrainers[307].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4026: initializer element for `gTrainers[307].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4030: initializer element for `gTrainers[307].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4031: initializer element for `gTrainers[307]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4031: initializer element for `gTrainers[307]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4031: initializer element for `gTrainers[307]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4031: initializer element for `gTrainers[307]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4038: initializer element for `gTrainers[308].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4039: initializer element for `gTrainers[308].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4043: initializer element for `gTrainers[308].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4044: initializer element for `gTrainers[308]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4044: initializer element for `gTrainers[308]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4044: initializer element for `gTrainers[308]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4044: initializer element for `gTrainers[308]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4051: initializer element for `gTrainers[309].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4052: initializer element for `gTrainers[309].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4056: initializer element for `gTrainers[309].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4057: initializer element for `gTrainers[309]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4057: initializer element for `gTrainers[309]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4057: initializer element for `gTrainers[309]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4057: initializer element for `gTrainers[309]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4064: initializer element for `gTrainers[310].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4065: initializer element for `gTrainers[310].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4069: initializer element for `gTrainers[310].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4070: initializer element for `gTrainers[310]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4070: initializer element for `gTrainers[310]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4070: initializer element for `gTrainers[310]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4070: initializer element for `gTrainers[310]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4077: initializer element for `gTrainers[311].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4078: initializer element for `gTrainers[311].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4082: initializer element for `gTrainers[311].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4083: initializer element for `gTrainers[311]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4083: initializer element for `gTrainers[311]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4083: initializer element for `gTrainers[311]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4083: initializer element for `gTrainers[311]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4090: initializer element for `gTrainers[312].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4091: initializer element for `gTrainers[312].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4095: initializer element for `gTrainers[312].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4096: initializer element for `gTrainers[312]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4096: initializer element for `gTrainers[312]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4096: initializer element for `gTrainers[312]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4096: initializer element for `gTrainers[312]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4103: initializer element for `gTrainers[313].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4104: initializer element for `gTrainers[313].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4108: initializer element for `gTrainers[313].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4109: initializer element for `gTrainers[313]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4109: initializer element for `gTrainers[313]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4109: initializer element for `gTrainers[313]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4109: initializer element for `gTrainers[313]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4116: initializer element for `gTrainers[314].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4117: initializer element for `gTrainers[314].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4121: initializer element for `gTrainers[314].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4122: initializer element for `gTrainers[314]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4122: initializer element for `gTrainers[314]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4122: initializer element for `gTrainers[314]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4122: initializer element for `gTrainers[314]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4129: initializer element for `gTrainers[315].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4130: initializer element for `gTrainers[315].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4134: initializer element for `gTrainers[315].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4135: initializer element for `gTrainers[315]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4135: initializer element for `gTrainers[315]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4135: initializer element for `gTrainers[315]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4135: initializer element for `gTrainers[315]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4142: initializer element for `gTrainers[316].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4143: initializer element for `gTrainers[316].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4147: initializer element for `gTrainers[316].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4148: initializer element for `gTrainers[316]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4148: initializer element for `gTrainers[316]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4148: initializer element for `gTrainers[316]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4148: initializer element for `gTrainers[316]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4155: initializer element for `gTrainers[317].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4156: initializer element for `gTrainers[317].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4160: initializer element for `gTrainers[317].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4161: initializer element for `gTrainers[317]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4161: initializer element for `gTrainers[317]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4161: initializer element for `gTrainers[317]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4161: initializer element for `gTrainers[317]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4168: initializer element for `gTrainers[318].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4169: initializer element for `gTrainers[318].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4173: initializer element for `gTrainers[318].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4174: initializer element for `gTrainers[318]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4174: initializer element for `gTrainers[318]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4174: initializer element for `gTrainers[318]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4174: initializer element for `gTrainers[318]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4181: initializer element for `gTrainers[319].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4182: initializer element for `gTrainers[319].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4186: initializer element for `gTrainers[319].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4187: initializer element for `gTrainers[319]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4187: initializer element for `gTrainers[319]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4187: initializer element for `gTrainers[319]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4187: initializer element for `gTrainers[319]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4194: initializer element for `gTrainers[320].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4195: initializer element for `gTrainers[320].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4199: initializer element for `gTrainers[320].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4200: initializer element for `gTrainers[320]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4200: initializer element for `gTrainers[320]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4200: initializer element for `gTrainers[320]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4200: initializer element for `gTrainers[320]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4207: initializer element for `gTrainers[321].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4208: initializer element for `gTrainers[321].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4212: initializer element for `gTrainers[321].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4213: initializer element for `gTrainers[321]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4213: initializer element for `gTrainers[321]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4213: initializer element for `gTrainers[321]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4213: initializer element for `gTrainers[321]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4220: initializer element for `gTrainers[322].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4221: initializer element for `gTrainers[322].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4225: initializer element for `gTrainers[322].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4226: initializer element for `gTrainers[322]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4226: initializer element for `gTrainers[322]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4226: initializer element for `gTrainers[322]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4226: initializer element for `gTrainers[322]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4233: initializer element for `gTrainers[323].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4234: initializer element for `gTrainers[323].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4238: initializer element for `gTrainers[323].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4239: initializer element for `gTrainers[323]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4239: initializer element for `gTrainers[323]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4239: initializer element for `gTrainers[323]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4239: initializer element for `gTrainers[323]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4246: initializer element for `gTrainers[324].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4247: initializer element for `gTrainers[324].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4251: initializer element for `gTrainers[324].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4252: initializer element for `gTrainers[324]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4252: initializer element for `gTrainers[324]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4252: initializer element for `gTrainers[324]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4252: initializer element for `gTrainers[324]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4259: initializer element for `gTrainers[325].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4260: initializer element for `gTrainers[325].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4264: initializer element for `gTrainers[325].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4265: initializer element for `gTrainers[325]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4265: initializer element for `gTrainers[325]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4265: initializer element for `gTrainers[325]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4265: initializer element for `gTrainers[325]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4272: initializer element for `gTrainers[326].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4273: initializer element for `gTrainers[326].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4277: initializer element for `gTrainers[326].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4278: initializer element for `gTrainers[326]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4278: initializer element for `gTrainers[326]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4278: initializer element for `gTrainers[326]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4278: initializer element for `gTrainers[326]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4285: initializer element for `gTrainers[327].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4286: initializer element for `gTrainers[327].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4290: initializer element for `gTrainers[327].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4291: initializer element for `gTrainers[327]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4291: initializer element for `gTrainers[327]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4291: initializer element for `gTrainers[327]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4291: initializer element for `gTrainers[327]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4298: initializer element for `gTrainers[328].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4299: initializer element for `gTrainers[328].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4303: initializer element for `gTrainers[328].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4304: initializer element for `gTrainers[328]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4304: initializer element for `gTrainers[328]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4304: initializer element for `gTrainers[328]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4304: initializer element for `gTrainers[328]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4311: initializer element for `gTrainers[329].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4312: initializer element for `gTrainers[329].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4316: initializer element for `gTrainers[329].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4317: initializer element for `gTrainers[329]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4317: initializer element for `gTrainers[329]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4317: initializer element for `gTrainers[329]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4317: initializer element for `gTrainers[329]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4324: initializer element for `gTrainers[330].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4325: initializer element for `gTrainers[330].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4329: initializer element for `gTrainers[330].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4330: initializer element for `gTrainers[330]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4330: initializer element for `gTrainers[330]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4330: initializer element for `gTrainers[330]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4330: initializer element for `gTrainers[330]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4337: initializer element for `gTrainers[331].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4338: initializer element for `gTrainers[331].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4342: initializer element for `gTrainers[331].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4343: initializer element for `gTrainers[331]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4343: initializer element for `gTrainers[331]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4343: initializer element for `gTrainers[331]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4343: initializer element for `gTrainers[331]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4350: initializer element for `gTrainers[332].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4351: initializer element for `gTrainers[332].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4355: initializer element for `gTrainers[332].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4356: initializer element for `gTrainers[332]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4356: initializer element for `gTrainers[332]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4356: initializer element for `gTrainers[332]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4356: initializer element for `gTrainers[332]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4363: initializer element for `gTrainers[333].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4364: initializer element for `gTrainers[333].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4368: initializer element for `gTrainers[333].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4369: initializer element for `gTrainers[333]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4369: initializer element for `gTrainers[333]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4369: initializer element for `gTrainers[333]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4369: initializer element for `gTrainers[333]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4376: initializer element for `gTrainers[334].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4377: initializer element for `gTrainers[334].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4381: initializer element for `gTrainers[334].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4382: initializer element for `gTrainers[334]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4382: initializer element for `gTrainers[334]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4382: initializer element for `gTrainers[334]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4382: initializer element for `gTrainers[334]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4389: initializer element for `gTrainers[335].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4390: initializer element for `gTrainers[335].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4394: initializer element for `gTrainers[335].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4395: initializer element for `gTrainers[335]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4395: initializer element for `gTrainers[335]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4395: initializer element for `gTrainers[335]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4395: initializer element for `gTrainers[335]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4402: initializer element for `gTrainers[336].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4403: initializer element for `gTrainers[336].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4407: initializer element for `gTrainers[336].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4408: initializer element for `gTrainers[336]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4408: initializer element for `gTrainers[336]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4408: initializer element for `gTrainers[336]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4408: initializer element for `gTrainers[336]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4415: initializer element for `gTrainers[337].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4416: initializer element for `gTrainers[337].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4420: initializer element for `gTrainers[337].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4421: initializer element for `gTrainers[337]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4421: initializer element for `gTrainers[337]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4421: initializer element for `gTrainers[337]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4421: initializer element for `gTrainers[337]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4428: initializer element for `gTrainers[338].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4429: initializer element for `gTrainers[338].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4433: initializer element for `gTrainers[338].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4434: initializer element for `gTrainers[338]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4434: initializer element for `gTrainers[338]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4434: initializer element for `gTrainers[338]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4434: initializer element for `gTrainers[338]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4441: initializer element for `gTrainers[339].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4442: initializer element for `gTrainers[339].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4446: initializer element for `gTrainers[339].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4447: initializer element for `gTrainers[339]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4447: initializer element for `gTrainers[339]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4447: initializer element for `gTrainers[339]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4447: initializer element for `gTrainers[339]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4454: initializer element for `gTrainers[340].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4455: initializer element for `gTrainers[340].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4459: initializer element for `gTrainers[340].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4460: initializer element for `gTrainers[340]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4460: initializer element for `gTrainers[340]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4460: initializer element for `gTrainers[340]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4460: initializer element for `gTrainers[340]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4467: initializer element for `gTrainers[341].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4468: initializer element for `gTrainers[341].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4472: initializer element for `gTrainers[341].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4473: initializer element for `gTrainers[341]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4473: initializer element for `gTrainers[341]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4473: initializer element for `gTrainers[341]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4473: initializer element for `gTrainers[341]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4480: initializer element for `gTrainers[342].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4481: initializer element for `gTrainers[342].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4485: initializer element for `gTrainers[342].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4486: initializer element for `gTrainers[342]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4486: initializer element for `gTrainers[342]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4486: initializer element for `gTrainers[342]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4486: initializer element for `gTrainers[342]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4493: initializer element for `gTrainers[343].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4494: initializer element for `gTrainers[343].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4498: initializer element for `gTrainers[343].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4499: initializer element for `gTrainers[343]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4499: initializer element for `gTrainers[343]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4499: initializer element for `gTrainers[343]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4499: initializer element for `gTrainers[343]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4506: initializer element for `gTrainers[344].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4507: initializer element for `gTrainers[344].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4511: initializer element for `gTrainers[344].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4512: initializer element for `gTrainers[344]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4512: initializer element for `gTrainers[344]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4512: initializer element for `gTrainers[344]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4512: initializer element for `gTrainers[344]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4519: initializer element for `gTrainers[345].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4520: initializer element for `gTrainers[345].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4524: initializer element for `gTrainers[345].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4525: initializer element for `gTrainers[345]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4525: initializer element for `gTrainers[345]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4525: initializer element for `gTrainers[345]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4525: initializer element for `gTrainers[345]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4532: initializer element for `gTrainers[346].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4533: initializer element for `gTrainers[346].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4537: initializer element for `gTrainers[346].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4538: initializer element for `gTrainers[346]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4538: initializer element for `gTrainers[346]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4538: initializer element for `gTrainers[346]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4538: initializer element for `gTrainers[346]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4545: initializer element for `gTrainers[347].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4546: initializer element for `gTrainers[347].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4550: initializer element for `gTrainers[347].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4551: initializer element for `gTrainers[347]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4551: initializer element for `gTrainers[347]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4551: initializer element for `gTrainers[347]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4551: initializer element for `gTrainers[347]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4558: initializer element for `gTrainers[348].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4559: initializer element for `gTrainers[348].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4563: initializer element for `gTrainers[348].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4564: initializer element for `gTrainers[348]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4564: initializer element for `gTrainers[348]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4564: initializer element for `gTrainers[348]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4564: initializer element for `gTrainers[348]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4571: initializer element for `gTrainers[349].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4572: initializer element for `gTrainers[349].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4576: initializer element for `gTrainers[349].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4577: initializer element for `gTrainers[349]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4577: initializer element for `gTrainers[349]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4577: initializer element for `gTrainers[349]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4577: initializer element for `gTrainers[349]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4584: initializer element for `gTrainers[350].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4585: initializer element for `gTrainers[350].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4589: initializer element for `gTrainers[350].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4590: initializer element for `gTrainers[350]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4590: initializer element for `gTrainers[350]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4590: initializer element for `gTrainers[350]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4590: initializer element for `gTrainers[350]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4597: initializer element for `gTrainers[351].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4598: initializer element for `gTrainers[351].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4602: initializer element for `gTrainers[351].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4603: initializer element for `gTrainers[351]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4603: initializer element for `gTrainers[351]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4603: initializer element for `gTrainers[351]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4603: initializer element for `gTrainers[351]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4610: initializer element for `gTrainers[352].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4611: initializer element for `gTrainers[352].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4615: initializer element for `gTrainers[352].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4616: initializer element for `gTrainers[352]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4616: initializer element for `gTrainers[352]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4616: initializer element for `gTrainers[352]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4616: initializer element for `gTrainers[352]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4623: initializer element for `gTrainers[353].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4624: initializer element for `gTrainers[353].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4628: initializer element for `gTrainers[353].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4629: initializer element for `gTrainers[353]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4629: initializer element for `gTrainers[353]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4629: initializer element for `gTrainers[353]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4629: initializer element for `gTrainers[353]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4636: initializer element for `gTrainers[354].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4637: initializer element for `gTrainers[354].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4641: initializer element for `gTrainers[354].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4642: initializer element for `gTrainers[354]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4642: initializer element for `gTrainers[354]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4642: initializer element for `gTrainers[354]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4642: initializer element for `gTrainers[354]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4649: initializer element for `gTrainers[355].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4650: initializer element for `gTrainers[355].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4654: initializer element for `gTrainers[355].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4655: initializer element for `gTrainers[355]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4655: initializer element for `gTrainers[355]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4655: initializer element for `gTrainers[355]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4655: initializer element for `gTrainers[355]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4662: initializer element for `gTrainers[356].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4663: initializer element for `gTrainers[356].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4667: initializer element for `gTrainers[356].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4668: initializer element for `gTrainers[356]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4668: initializer element for `gTrainers[356]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4668: initializer element for `gTrainers[356]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4668: initializer element for `gTrainers[356]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4675: initializer element for `gTrainers[357].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4676: initializer element for `gTrainers[357].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4680: initializer element for `gTrainers[357].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4681: initializer element for `gTrainers[357]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4681: initializer element for `gTrainers[357]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4681: initializer element for `gTrainers[357]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4681: initializer element for `gTrainers[357]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4688: initializer element for `gTrainers[358].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4689: initializer element for `gTrainers[358].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4693: initializer element for `gTrainers[358].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4694: initializer element for `gTrainers[358]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4694: initializer element for `gTrainers[358]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4694: initializer element for `gTrainers[358]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4694: initializer element for `gTrainers[358]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4701: initializer element for `gTrainers[359].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4702: initializer element for `gTrainers[359].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4706: initializer element for `gTrainers[359].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4707: initializer element for `gTrainers[359]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4707: initializer element for `gTrainers[359]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4707: initializer element for `gTrainers[359]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4707: initializer element for `gTrainers[359]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4714: initializer element for `gTrainers[360].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4715: initializer element for `gTrainers[360].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4719: initializer element for `gTrainers[360].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4720: initializer element for `gTrainers[360]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4720: initializer element for `gTrainers[360]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4720: initializer element for `gTrainers[360]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4720: initializer element for `gTrainers[360]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4727: initializer element for `gTrainers[361].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4728: initializer element for `gTrainers[361].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4732: initializer element for `gTrainers[361].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4733: initializer element for `gTrainers[361]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4733: initializer element for `gTrainers[361]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4733: initializer element for `gTrainers[361]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4733: initializer element for `gTrainers[361]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4740: initializer element for `gTrainers[362].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4741: initializer element for `gTrainers[362].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4745: initializer element for `gTrainers[362].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4746: initializer element for `gTrainers[362]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4746: initializer element for `gTrainers[362]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4746: initializer element for `gTrainers[362]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4746: initializer element for `gTrainers[362]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4753: initializer element for `gTrainers[363].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4754: initializer element for `gTrainers[363].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4758: initializer element for `gTrainers[363].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4759: initializer element for `gTrainers[363]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4759: initializer element for `gTrainers[363]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4759: initializer element for `gTrainers[363]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4759: initializer element for `gTrainers[363]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4766: initializer element for `gTrainers[364].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4767: initializer element for `gTrainers[364].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4771: initializer element for `gTrainers[364].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4772: initializer element for `gTrainers[364]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4772: initializer element for `gTrainers[364]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4772: initializer element for `gTrainers[364]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4772: initializer element for `gTrainers[364]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4779: initializer element for `gTrainers[365].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4780: initializer element for `gTrainers[365].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4784: initializer element for `gTrainers[365].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4785: initializer element for `gTrainers[365]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4785: initializer element for `gTrainers[365]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4785: initializer element for `gTrainers[365]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4785: initializer element for `gTrainers[365]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4792: initializer element for `gTrainers[366].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4793: initializer element for `gTrainers[366].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4797: initializer element for `gTrainers[366].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4798: initializer element for `gTrainers[366]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4798: initializer element for `gTrainers[366]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4798: initializer element for `gTrainers[366]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4798: initializer element for `gTrainers[366]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4805: initializer element for `gTrainers[367].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4806: initializer element for `gTrainers[367].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4810: initializer element for `gTrainers[367].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4811: initializer element for `gTrainers[367]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4811: initializer element for `gTrainers[367]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4811: initializer element for `gTrainers[367]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4811: initializer element for `gTrainers[367]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4818: initializer element for `gTrainers[368].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4819: initializer element for `gTrainers[368].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4823: initializer element for `gTrainers[368].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4824: initializer element for `gTrainers[368]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4824: initializer element for `gTrainers[368]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4824: initializer element for `gTrainers[368]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4824: initializer element for `gTrainers[368]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4831: initializer element for `gTrainers[369].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4832: initializer element for `gTrainers[369].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4836: initializer element for `gTrainers[369].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4837: initializer element for `gTrainers[369]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4837: initializer element for `gTrainers[369]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4837: initializer element for `gTrainers[369]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4837: initializer element for `gTrainers[369]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4844: initializer element for `gTrainers[370].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4845: initializer element for `gTrainers[370].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4849: initializer element for `gTrainers[370].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4850: initializer element for `gTrainers[370]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4850: initializer element for `gTrainers[370]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4850: initializer element for `gTrainers[370]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4850: initializer element for `gTrainers[370]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4857: initializer element for `gTrainers[371].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4858: initializer element for `gTrainers[371].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4862: initializer element for `gTrainers[371].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4863: initializer element for `gTrainers[371]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4863: initializer element for `gTrainers[371]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4863: initializer element for `gTrainers[371]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4863: initializer element for `gTrainers[371]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4870: initializer element for `gTrainers[372].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4871: initializer element for `gTrainers[372].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4875: initializer element for `gTrainers[372].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4876: initializer element for `gTrainers[372]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4876: initializer element for `gTrainers[372]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4876: initializer element for `gTrainers[372]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4876: initializer element for `gTrainers[372]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4883: initializer element for `gTrainers[373].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4884: initializer element for `gTrainers[373].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4888: initializer element for `gTrainers[373].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4889: initializer element for `gTrainers[373]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4889: initializer element for `gTrainers[373]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4889: initializer element for `gTrainers[373]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4889: initializer element for `gTrainers[373]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4896: initializer element for `gTrainers[374].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4897: initializer element for `gTrainers[374].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4901: initializer element for `gTrainers[374].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4902: initializer element for `gTrainers[374]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4902: initializer element for `gTrainers[374]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4902: initializer element for `gTrainers[374]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4902: initializer element for `gTrainers[374]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4909: initializer element for `gTrainers[375].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4910: initializer element for `gTrainers[375].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4914: initializer element for `gTrainers[375].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4915: initializer element for `gTrainers[375]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4915: initializer element for `gTrainers[375]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4915: initializer element for `gTrainers[375]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4915: initializer element for `gTrainers[375]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4922: initializer element for `gTrainers[376].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4923: initializer element for `gTrainers[376].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4927: initializer element for `gTrainers[376].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4928: initializer element for `gTrainers[376]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4928: initializer element for `gTrainers[376]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4928: initializer element for `gTrainers[376]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4928: initializer element for `gTrainers[376]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4935: initializer element for `gTrainers[377].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4936: initializer element for `gTrainers[377].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4940: initializer element for `gTrainers[377].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4941: initializer element for `gTrainers[377]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4941: initializer element for `gTrainers[377]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4941: initializer element for `gTrainers[377]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4941: initializer element for `gTrainers[377]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4948: initializer element for `gTrainers[378].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4949: initializer element for `gTrainers[378].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4953: initializer element for `gTrainers[378].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4954: initializer element for `gTrainers[378]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4954: initializer element for `gTrainers[378]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4954: initializer element for `gTrainers[378]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4954: initializer element for `gTrainers[378]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4961: initializer element for `gTrainers[379].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4962: initializer element for `gTrainers[379].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4966: initializer element for `gTrainers[379].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4967: initializer element for `gTrainers[379]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4967: initializer element for `gTrainers[379]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4967: initializer element for `gTrainers[379]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4967: initializer element for `gTrainers[379]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4974: initializer element for `gTrainers[380].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4975: initializer element for `gTrainers[380].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4979: initializer element for `gTrainers[380].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4980: initializer element for `gTrainers[380]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4980: initializer element for `gTrainers[380]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4980: initializer element for `gTrainers[380]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4980: initializer element for `gTrainers[380]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4987: initializer element for `gTrainers[381].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4988: initializer element for `gTrainers[381].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4992: initializer element for `gTrainers[381].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4993: initializer element for `gTrainers[381]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4993: initializer element for `gTrainers[381]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4993: initializer element for `gTrainers[381]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:4993: initializer element for `gTrainers[381]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5000: initializer element for `gTrainers[382].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5001: initializer element for `gTrainers[382].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5005: initializer element for `gTrainers[382].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5006: initializer element for `gTrainers[382]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5006: initializer element for `gTrainers[382]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5006: initializer element for `gTrainers[382]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5006: initializer element for `gTrainers[382]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5013: initializer element for `gTrainers[383].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5014: initializer element for `gTrainers[383].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5018: initializer element for `gTrainers[383].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5019: initializer element for `gTrainers[383]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5019: initializer element for `gTrainers[383]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5019: initializer element for `gTrainers[383]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5019: initializer element for `gTrainers[383]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5026: initializer element for `gTrainers[384].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5027: initializer element for `gTrainers[384].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5031: initializer element for `gTrainers[384].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5032: initializer element for `gTrainers[384]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5032: initializer element for `gTrainers[384]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5032: initializer element for `gTrainers[384]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5032: initializer element for `gTrainers[384]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5039: initializer element for `gTrainers[385].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5040: initializer element for `gTrainers[385].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5044: initializer element for `gTrainers[385].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5045: initializer element for `gTrainers[385]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5045: initializer element for `gTrainers[385]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5045: initializer element for `gTrainers[385]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5045: initializer element for `gTrainers[385]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5052: initializer element for `gTrainers[386].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5053: initializer element for `gTrainers[386].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5057: initializer element for `gTrainers[386].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5058: initializer element for `gTrainers[386]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5058: initializer element for `gTrainers[386]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5058: initializer element for `gTrainers[386]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5058: initializer element for `gTrainers[386]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5065: initializer element for `gTrainers[387].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5066: initializer element for `gTrainers[387].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5070: initializer element for `gTrainers[387].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5071: initializer element for `gTrainers[387]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5071: initializer element for `gTrainers[387]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5071: initializer element for `gTrainers[387]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5071: initializer element for `gTrainers[387]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5078: initializer element for `gTrainers[388].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5079: initializer element for `gTrainers[388].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5083: initializer element for `gTrainers[388].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5084: initializer element for `gTrainers[388]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5084: initializer element for `gTrainers[388]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5084: initializer element for `gTrainers[388]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5084: initializer element for `gTrainers[388]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5091: initializer element for `gTrainers[389].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5092: initializer element for `gTrainers[389].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5096: initializer element for `gTrainers[389].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5097: initializer element for `gTrainers[389]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5097: initializer element for `gTrainers[389]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5097: initializer element for `gTrainers[389]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5097: initializer element for `gTrainers[389]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5104: initializer element for `gTrainers[390].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5105: initializer element for `gTrainers[390].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5109: initializer element for `gTrainers[390].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5110: initializer element for `gTrainers[390]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5110: initializer element for `gTrainers[390]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5110: initializer element for `gTrainers[390]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5110: initializer element for `gTrainers[390]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5117: initializer element for `gTrainers[391].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5118: initializer element for `gTrainers[391].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5122: initializer element for `gTrainers[391].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5123: initializer element for `gTrainers[391]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5123: initializer element for `gTrainers[391]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5123: initializer element for `gTrainers[391]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5123: initializer element for `gTrainers[391]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5130: initializer element for `gTrainers[392].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5131: initializer element for `gTrainers[392].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5135: initializer element for `gTrainers[392].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5136: initializer element for `gTrainers[392]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5136: initializer element for `gTrainers[392]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5136: initializer element for `gTrainers[392]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5136: initializer element for `gTrainers[392]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5143: initializer element for `gTrainers[393].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5144: initializer element for `gTrainers[393].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5148: initializer element for `gTrainers[393].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5149: initializer element for `gTrainers[393]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5149: initializer element for `gTrainers[393]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5149: initializer element for `gTrainers[393]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5149: initializer element for `gTrainers[393]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5156: initializer element for `gTrainers[394].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5157: initializer element for `gTrainers[394].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5161: initializer element for `gTrainers[394].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5162: initializer element for `gTrainers[394]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5162: initializer element for `gTrainers[394]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5162: initializer element for `gTrainers[394]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5162: initializer element for `gTrainers[394]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5169: initializer element for `gTrainers[395].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5170: initializer element for `gTrainers[395].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5174: initializer element for `gTrainers[395].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5175: initializer element for `gTrainers[395]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5175: initializer element for `gTrainers[395]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5175: initializer element for `gTrainers[395]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5175: initializer element for `gTrainers[395]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5182: initializer element for `gTrainers[396].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5183: initializer element for `gTrainers[396].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5187: initializer element for `gTrainers[396].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5188: initializer element for `gTrainers[396]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5188: initializer element for `gTrainers[396]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5188: initializer element for `gTrainers[396]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5188: initializer element for `gTrainers[396]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5195: initializer element for `gTrainers[397].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5196: initializer element for `gTrainers[397].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5200: initializer element for `gTrainers[397].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5201: initializer element for `gTrainers[397]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5201: initializer element for `gTrainers[397]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5201: initializer element for `gTrainers[397]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5201: initializer element for `gTrainers[397]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5208: initializer element for `gTrainers[398].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5209: initializer element for `gTrainers[398].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5213: initializer element for `gTrainers[398].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5214: initializer element for `gTrainers[398]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5214: initializer element for `gTrainers[398]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5214: initializer element for `gTrainers[398]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5214: initializer element for `gTrainers[398]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5221: initializer element for `gTrainers[399].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5222: initializer element for `gTrainers[399].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5226: initializer element for `gTrainers[399].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5227: initializer element for `gTrainers[399]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5227: initializer element for `gTrainers[399]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5227: initializer element for `gTrainers[399]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5227: initializer element for `gTrainers[399]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5234: initializer element for `gTrainers[400].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5235: initializer element for `gTrainers[400].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5239: initializer element for `gTrainers[400].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5240: initializer element for `gTrainers[400]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5240: initializer element for `gTrainers[400]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5240: initializer element for `gTrainers[400]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5240: initializer element for `gTrainers[400]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5247: initializer element for `gTrainers[401].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5248: initializer element for `gTrainers[401].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5252: initializer element for `gTrainers[401].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5253: initializer element for `gTrainers[401]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5253: initializer element for `gTrainers[401]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5253: initializer element for `gTrainers[401]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5253: initializer element for `gTrainers[401]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5260: initializer element for `gTrainers[402].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5261: initializer element for `gTrainers[402].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5265: initializer element for `gTrainers[402].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5266: initializer element for `gTrainers[402]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5266: initializer element for `gTrainers[402]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5266: initializer element for `gTrainers[402]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5266: initializer element for `gTrainers[402]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5273: initializer element for `gTrainers[403].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5274: initializer element for `gTrainers[403].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5278: initializer element for `gTrainers[403].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5279: initializer element for `gTrainers[403]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5279: initializer element for `gTrainers[403]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5279: initializer element for `gTrainers[403]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5279: initializer element for `gTrainers[403]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5286: initializer element for `gTrainers[404].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5287: initializer element for `gTrainers[404].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5291: initializer element for `gTrainers[404].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5292: initializer element for `gTrainers[404]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5292: initializer element for `gTrainers[404]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5292: initializer element for `gTrainers[404]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5292: initializer element for `gTrainers[404]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5299: initializer element for `gTrainers[405].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5300: initializer element for `gTrainers[405].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5304: initializer element for `gTrainers[405].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5305: initializer element for `gTrainers[405]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5305: initializer element for `gTrainers[405]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5305: initializer element for `gTrainers[405]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5305: initializer element for `gTrainers[405]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5312: initializer element for `gTrainers[406].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5313: initializer element for `gTrainers[406].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5317: initializer element for `gTrainers[406].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5318: initializer element for `gTrainers[406]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5318: initializer element for `gTrainers[406]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5318: initializer element for `gTrainers[406]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5318: initializer element for `gTrainers[406]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5325: initializer element for `gTrainers[407].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5326: initializer element for `gTrainers[407].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5330: initializer element for `gTrainers[407].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5331: initializer element for `gTrainers[407]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5331: initializer element for `gTrainers[407]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5331: initializer element for `gTrainers[407]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5331: initializer element for `gTrainers[407]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5338: initializer element for `gTrainers[408].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5339: initializer element for `gTrainers[408].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5343: initializer element for `gTrainers[408].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5344: initializer element for `gTrainers[408]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5344: initializer element for `gTrainers[408]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5344: initializer element for `gTrainers[408]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5344: initializer element for `gTrainers[408]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5351: initializer element for `gTrainers[409].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5352: initializer element for `gTrainers[409].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5356: initializer element for `gTrainers[409].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5357: initializer element for `gTrainers[409]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5357: initializer element for `gTrainers[409]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5357: initializer element for `gTrainers[409]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5357: initializer element for `gTrainers[409]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5364: initializer element for `gTrainers[410].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5365: initializer element for `gTrainers[410].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5369: initializer element for `gTrainers[410].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5370: initializer element for `gTrainers[410]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5370: initializer element for `gTrainers[410]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5370: initializer element for `gTrainers[410]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5370: initializer element for `gTrainers[410]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5377: initializer element for `gTrainers[411].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5378: initializer element for `gTrainers[411].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5382: initializer element for `gTrainers[411].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5383: initializer element for `gTrainers[411]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5383: initializer element for `gTrainers[411]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5383: initializer element for `gTrainers[411]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5383: initializer element for `gTrainers[411]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5390: initializer element for `gTrainers[412].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5391: initializer element for `gTrainers[412].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5395: initializer element for `gTrainers[412].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5396: initializer element for `gTrainers[412]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5396: initializer element for `gTrainers[412]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5396: initializer element for `gTrainers[412]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5396: initializer element for `gTrainers[412]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5403: initializer element for `gTrainers[413].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5404: initializer element for `gTrainers[413].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5408: initializer element for `gTrainers[413].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5409: initializer element for `gTrainers[413]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5409: initializer element for `gTrainers[413]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5409: initializer element for `gTrainers[413]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5409: initializer element for `gTrainers[413]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5416: initializer element for `gTrainers[414].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5417: initializer element for `gTrainers[414].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5421: initializer element for `gTrainers[414].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5422: initializer element for `gTrainers[414]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5422: initializer element for `gTrainers[414]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5422: initializer element for `gTrainers[414]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5422: initializer element for `gTrainers[414]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5429: initializer element for `gTrainers[415].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5430: initializer element for `gTrainers[415].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5434: initializer element for `gTrainers[415].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5435: initializer element for `gTrainers[415]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5435: initializer element for `gTrainers[415]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5435: initializer element for `gTrainers[415]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5435: initializer element for `gTrainers[415]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5442: initializer element for `gTrainers[416].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5443: initializer element for `gTrainers[416].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5447: initializer element for `gTrainers[416].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5448: initializer element for `gTrainers[416]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5448: initializer element for `gTrainers[416]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5448: initializer element for `gTrainers[416]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5448: initializer element for `gTrainers[416]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5455: initializer element for `gTrainers[417].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5456: initializer element for `gTrainers[417].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5460: initializer element for `gTrainers[417].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5461: initializer element for `gTrainers[417]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5461: initializer element for `gTrainers[417]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5461: initializer element for `gTrainers[417]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5461: initializer element for `gTrainers[417]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5468: initializer element for `gTrainers[418].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5469: initializer element for `gTrainers[418].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5473: initializer element for `gTrainers[418].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5474: initializer element for `gTrainers[418]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5474: initializer element for `gTrainers[418]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5474: initializer element for `gTrainers[418]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5474: initializer element for `gTrainers[418]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5481: initializer element for `gTrainers[419].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5482: initializer element for `gTrainers[419].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5486: initializer element for `gTrainers[419].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5487: initializer element for `gTrainers[419]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5487: initializer element for `gTrainers[419]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5487: initializer element for `gTrainers[419]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5487: initializer element for `gTrainers[419]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5494: initializer element for `gTrainers[420].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5495: initializer element for `gTrainers[420].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5499: initializer element for `gTrainers[420].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5500: initializer element for `gTrainers[420]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5500: initializer element for `gTrainers[420]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5500: initializer element for `gTrainers[420]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5500: initializer element for `gTrainers[420]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5507: initializer element for `gTrainers[421].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5508: initializer element for `gTrainers[421].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5512: initializer element for `gTrainers[421].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5513: initializer element for `gTrainers[421]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5513: initializer element for `gTrainers[421]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5513: initializer element for `gTrainers[421]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5513: initializer element for `gTrainers[421]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5520: initializer element for `gTrainers[422].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5521: initializer element for `gTrainers[422].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5525: initializer element for `gTrainers[422].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5526: initializer element for `gTrainers[422]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5526: initializer element for `gTrainers[422]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5526: initializer element for `gTrainers[422]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5526: initializer element for `gTrainers[422]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5533: initializer element for `gTrainers[423].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5534: initializer element for `gTrainers[423].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5538: initializer element for `gTrainers[423].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5539: initializer element for `gTrainers[423]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5539: initializer element for `gTrainers[423]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5539: initializer element for `gTrainers[423]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5539: initializer element for `gTrainers[423]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5546: initializer element for `gTrainers[424].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5547: initializer element for `gTrainers[424].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5551: initializer element for `gTrainers[424].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5552: initializer element for `gTrainers[424]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5552: initializer element for `gTrainers[424]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5552: initializer element for `gTrainers[424]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5552: initializer element for `gTrainers[424]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5559: initializer element for `gTrainers[425].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5560: initializer element for `gTrainers[425].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5564: initializer element for `gTrainers[425].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5565: initializer element for `gTrainers[425]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5565: initializer element for `gTrainers[425]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5565: initializer element for `gTrainers[425]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5565: initializer element for `gTrainers[425]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5572: initializer element for `gTrainers[426].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5573: initializer element for `gTrainers[426].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5577: initializer element for `gTrainers[426].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5578: initializer element for `gTrainers[426]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5578: initializer element for `gTrainers[426]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5578: initializer element for `gTrainers[426]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5578: initializer element for `gTrainers[426]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5585: initializer element for `gTrainers[427].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5586: initializer element for `gTrainers[427].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5590: initializer element for `gTrainers[427].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5591: initializer element for `gTrainers[427]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5591: initializer element for `gTrainers[427]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5591: initializer element for `gTrainers[427]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5591: initializer element for `gTrainers[427]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5598: initializer element for `gTrainers[428].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5599: initializer element for `gTrainers[428].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5603: initializer element for `gTrainers[428].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5604: initializer element for `gTrainers[428]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5604: initializer element for `gTrainers[428]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5604: initializer element for `gTrainers[428]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5604: initializer element for `gTrainers[428]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5611: initializer element for `gTrainers[429].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5612: initializer element for `gTrainers[429].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5616: initializer element for `gTrainers[429].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5617: initializer element for `gTrainers[429]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5617: initializer element for `gTrainers[429]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5617: initializer element for `gTrainers[429]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5617: initializer element for `gTrainers[429]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5624: initializer element for `gTrainers[430].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5625: initializer element for `gTrainers[430].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5629: initializer element for `gTrainers[430].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5630: initializer element for `gTrainers[430]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5630: initializer element for `gTrainers[430]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5630: initializer element for `gTrainers[430]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5630: initializer element for `gTrainers[430]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5637: initializer element for `gTrainers[431].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5638: initializer element for `gTrainers[431].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5642: initializer element for `gTrainers[431].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5643: initializer element for `gTrainers[431]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5643: initializer element for `gTrainers[431]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5643: initializer element for `gTrainers[431]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5643: initializer element for `gTrainers[431]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5650: initializer element for `gTrainers[432].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5651: initializer element for `gTrainers[432].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5655: initializer element for `gTrainers[432].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5656: initializer element for `gTrainers[432]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5656: initializer element for `gTrainers[432]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5656: initializer element for `gTrainers[432]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5656: initializer element for `gTrainers[432]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5663: initializer element for `gTrainers[433].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5664: initializer element for `gTrainers[433].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5668: initializer element for `gTrainers[433].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5669: initializer element for `gTrainers[433]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5669: initializer element for `gTrainers[433]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5669: initializer element for `gTrainers[433]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5669: initializer element for `gTrainers[433]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5676: initializer element for `gTrainers[434].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5677: initializer element for `gTrainers[434].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5681: initializer element for `gTrainers[434].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5682: initializer element for `gTrainers[434]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5682: initializer element for `gTrainers[434]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5682: initializer element for `gTrainers[434]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5682: initializer element for `gTrainers[434]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5689: initializer element for `gTrainers[435].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5690: initializer element for `gTrainers[435].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5694: initializer element for `gTrainers[435].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5695: initializer element for `gTrainers[435]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5695: initializer element for `gTrainers[435]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5695: initializer element for `gTrainers[435]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5695: initializer element for `gTrainers[435]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5702: initializer element for `gTrainers[436].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5703: initializer element for `gTrainers[436].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5707: initializer element for `gTrainers[436].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5708: initializer element for `gTrainers[436]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5708: initializer element for `gTrainers[436]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5708: initializer element for `gTrainers[436]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5708: initializer element for `gTrainers[436]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5715: initializer element for `gTrainers[437].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5716: initializer element for `gTrainers[437].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5720: initializer element for `gTrainers[437].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5721: initializer element for `gTrainers[437]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5721: initializer element for `gTrainers[437]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5721: initializer element for `gTrainers[437]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5721: initializer element for `gTrainers[437]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5728: initializer element for `gTrainers[438].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5729: initializer element for `gTrainers[438].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5733: initializer element for `gTrainers[438].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5734: initializer element for `gTrainers[438]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5734: initializer element for `gTrainers[438]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5734: initializer element for `gTrainers[438]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5734: initializer element for `gTrainers[438]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5741: initializer element for `gTrainers[439].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5742: initializer element for `gTrainers[439].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5746: initializer element for `gTrainers[439].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5747: initializer element for `gTrainers[439]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5747: initializer element for `gTrainers[439]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5747: initializer element for `gTrainers[439]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5747: initializer element for `gTrainers[439]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5754: initializer element for `gTrainers[440].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5755: initializer element for `gTrainers[440].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5759: initializer element for `gTrainers[440].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5760: initializer element for `gTrainers[440]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5760: initializer element for `gTrainers[440]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5760: initializer element for `gTrainers[440]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5760: initializer element for `gTrainers[440]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5767: initializer element for `gTrainers[441].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5768: initializer element for `gTrainers[441].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5772: initializer element for `gTrainers[441].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5773: initializer element for `gTrainers[441]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5773: initializer element for `gTrainers[441]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5773: initializer element for `gTrainers[441]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5773: initializer element for `gTrainers[441]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5780: initializer element for `gTrainers[442].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5781: initializer element for `gTrainers[442].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5785: initializer element for `gTrainers[442].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5786: initializer element for `gTrainers[442]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5786: initializer element for `gTrainers[442]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5786: initializer element for `gTrainers[442]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5786: initializer element for `gTrainers[442]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5793: initializer element for `gTrainers[443].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5794: initializer element for `gTrainers[443].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5798: initializer element for `gTrainers[443].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5799: initializer element for `gTrainers[443]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5799: initializer element for `gTrainers[443]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5799: initializer element for `gTrainers[443]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5799: initializer element for `gTrainers[443]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5806: initializer element for `gTrainers[444].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5807: initializer element for `gTrainers[444].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5811: initializer element for `gTrainers[444].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5812: initializer element for `gTrainers[444]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5812: initializer element for `gTrainers[444]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5812: initializer element for `gTrainers[444]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5812: initializer element for `gTrainers[444]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5819: initializer element for `gTrainers[445].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5820: initializer element for `gTrainers[445].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5824: initializer element for `gTrainers[445].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5825: initializer element for `gTrainers[445]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5825: initializer element for `gTrainers[445]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5825: initializer element for `gTrainers[445]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5825: initializer element for `gTrainers[445]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5832: initializer element for `gTrainers[446].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5833: initializer element for `gTrainers[446].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5837: initializer element for `gTrainers[446].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5838: initializer element for `gTrainers[446]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5838: initializer element for `gTrainers[446]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5838: initializer element for `gTrainers[446]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5838: initializer element for `gTrainers[446]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5845: initializer element for `gTrainers[447].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5846: initializer element for `gTrainers[447].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5850: initializer element for `gTrainers[447].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5851: initializer element for `gTrainers[447]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5851: initializer element for `gTrainers[447]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5851: initializer element for `gTrainers[447]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5851: initializer element for `gTrainers[447]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5858: initializer element for `gTrainers[448].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5859: initializer element for `gTrainers[448].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5863: initializer element for `gTrainers[448].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5864: initializer element for `gTrainers[448]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5864: initializer element for `gTrainers[448]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5864: initializer element for `gTrainers[448]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5864: initializer element for `gTrainers[448]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5871: initializer element for `gTrainers[449].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5872: initializer element for `gTrainers[449].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5876: initializer element for `gTrainers[449].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5877: initializer element for `gTrainers[449]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5877: initializer element for `gTrainers[449]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5877: initializer element for `gTrainers[449]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5877: initializer element for `gTrainers[449]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5884: initializer element for `gTrainers[450].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5885: initializer element for `gTrainers[450].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5889: initializer element for `gTrainers[450].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5890: initializer element for `gTrainers[450]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5890: initializer element for `gTrainers[450]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5890: initializer element for `gTrainers[450]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5890: initializer element for `gTrainers[450]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5897: initializer element for `gTrainers[451].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5898: initializer element for `gTrainers[451].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5902: initializer element for `gTrainers[451].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5903: initializer element for `gTrainers[451]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5903: initializer element for `gTrainers[451]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5903: initializer element for `gTrainers[451]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5903: initializer element for `gTrainers[451]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5910: initializer element for `gTrainers[452].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5911: initializer element for `gTrainers[452].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5915: initializer element for `gTrainers[452].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5916: initializer element for `gTrainers[452]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5916: initializer element for `gTrainers[452]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5916: initializer element for `gTrainers[452]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5916: initializer element for `gTrainers[452]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5923: initializer element for `gTrainers[453].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5924: initializer element for `gTrainers[453].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5928: initializer element for `gTrainers[453].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5929: initializer element for `gTrainers[453]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5929: initializer element for `gTrainers[453]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5929: initializer element for `gTrainers[453]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5929: initializer element for `gTrainers[453]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5936: initializer element for `gTrainers[454].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5937: initializer element for `gTrainers[454].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5941: initializer element for `gTrainers[454].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5942: initializer element for `gTrainers[454]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5942: initializer element for `gTrainers[454]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5942: initializer element for `gTrainers[454]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5942: initializer element for `gTrainers[454]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5949: initializer element for `gTrainers[455].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5950: initializer element for `gTrainers[455].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5954: initializer element for `gTrainers[455].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5955: initializer element for `gTrainers[455]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5955: initializer element for `gTrainers[455]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5955: initializer element for `gTrainers[455]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5955: initializer element for `gTrainers[455]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5962: initializer element for `gTrainers[456].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5963: initializer element for `gTrainers[456].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5967: initializer element for `gTrainers[456].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5968: initializer element for `gTrainers[456]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5968: initializer element for `gTrainers[456]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5968: initializer element for `gTrainers[456]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5968: initializer element for `gTrainers[456]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5975: initializer element for `gTrainers[457].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5976: initializer element for `gTrainers[457].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5980: initializer element for `gTrainers[457].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5981: initializer element for `gTrainers[457]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5981: initializer element for `gTrainers[457]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5981: initializer element for `gTrainers[457]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5981: initializer element for `gTrainers[457]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5988: initializer element for `gTrainers[458].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5989: initializer element for `gTrainers[458].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5993: initializer element for `gTrainers[458].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5994: initializer element for `gTrainers[458]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5994: initializer element for `gTrainers[458]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5994: initializer element for `gTrainers[458]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:5994: initializer element for `gTrainers[458]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6001: initializer element for `gTrainers[459].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6002: initializer element for `gTrainers[459].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6006: initializer element for `gTrainers[459].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6007: initializer element for `gTrainers[459]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6007: initializer element for `gTrainers[459]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6007: initializer element for `gTrainers[459]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6007: initializer element for `gTrainers[459]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6014: initializer element for `gTrainers[460].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6015: initializer element for `gTrainers[460].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6019: initializer element for `gTrainers[460].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6020: initializer element for `gTrainers[460]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6020: initializer element for `gTrainers[460]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6020: initializer element for `gTrainers[460]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6020: initializer element for `gTrainers[460]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6027: initializer element for `gTrainers[461].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6028: initializer element for `gTrainers[461].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6032: initializer element for `gTrainers[461].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6033: initializer element for `gTrainers[461]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6033: initializer element for `gTrainers[461]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6033: initializer element for `gTrainers[461]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6033: initializer element for `gTrainers[461]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6040: initializer element for `gTrainers[462].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6041: initializer element for `gTrainers[462].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6045: initializer element for `gTrainers[462].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6046: initializer element for `gTrainers[462]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6046: initializer element for `gTrainers[462]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6046: initializer element for `gTrainers[462]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6046: initializer element for `gTrainers[462]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6053: initializer element for `gTrainers[463].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6054: initializer element for `gTrainers[463].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6058: initializer element for `gTrainers[463].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6059: initializer element for `gTrainers[463]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6059: initializer element for `gTrainers[463]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6059: initializer element for `gTrainers[463]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6059: initializer element for `gTrainers[463]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6066: initializer element for `gTrainers[464].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6067: initializer element for `gTrainers[464].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6071: initializer element for `gTrainers[464].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6072: initializer element for `gTrainers[464]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6072: initializer element for `gTrainers[464]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6072: initializer element for `gTrainers[464]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6072: initializer element for `gTrainers[464]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6079: initializer element for `gTrainers[465].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6080: initializer element for `gTrainers[465].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6084: initializer element for `gTrainers[465].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6085: initializer element for `gTrainers[465]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6085: initializer element for `gTrainers[465]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6085: initializer element for `gTrainers[465]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6085: initializer element for `gTrainers[465]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6092: initializer element for `gTrainers[466].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6093: initializer element for `gTrainers[466].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6097: initializer element for `gTrainers[466].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6098: initializer element for `gTrainers[466]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6098: initializer element for `gTrainers[466]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6098: initializer element for `gTrainers[466]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6098: initializer element for `gTrainers[466]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6105: initializer element for `gTrainers[467].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6106: initializer element for `gTrainers[467].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6110: initializer element for `gTrainers[467].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6111: initializer element for `gTrainers[467]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6111: initializer element for `gTrainers[467]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6111: initializer element for `gTrainers[467]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6111: initializer element for `gTrainers[467]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6118: initializer element for `gTrainers[468].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6119: initializer element for `gTrainers[468].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6123: initializer element for `gTrainers[468].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6124: initializer element for `gTrainers[468]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6124: initializer element for `gTrainers[468]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6124: initializer element for `gTrainers[468]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6124: initializer element for `gTrainers[468]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6131: initializer element for `gTrainers[469].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6132: initializer element for `gTrainers[469].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6136: initializer element for `gTrainers[469].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6137: initializer element for `gTrainers[469]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6137: initializer element for `gTrainers[469]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6137: initializer element for `gTrainers[469]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6137: initializer element for `gTrainers[469]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6144: initializer element for `gTrainers[470].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6145: initializer element for `gTrainers[470].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6149: initializer element for `gTrainers[470].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6150: initializer element for `gTrainers[470]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6150: initializer element for `gTrainers[470]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6150: initializer element for `gTrainers[470]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6150: initializer element for `gTrainers[470]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6157: initializer element for `gTrainers[471].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6158: initializer element for `gTrainers[471].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6162: initializer element for `gTrainers[471].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6163: initializer element for `gTrainers[471]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6163: initializer element for `gTrainers[471]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6163: initializer element for `gTrainers[471]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6163: initializer element for `gTrainers[471]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6170: initializer element for `gTrainers[472].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6171: initializer element for `gTrainers[472].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6175: initializer element for `gTrainers[472].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6176: initializer element for `gTrainers[472]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6176: initializer element for `gTrainers[472]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6176: initializer element for `gTrainers[472]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6176: initializer element for `gTrainers[472]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6183: initializer element for `gTrainers[473].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6184: initializer element for `gTrainers[473].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6188: initializer element for `gTrainers[473].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6189: initializer element for `gTrainers[473]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6189: initializer element for `gTrainers[473]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6189: initializer element for `gTrainers[473]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6189: initializer element for `gTrainers[473]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6196: initializer element for `gTrainers[474].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6197: initializer element for `gTrainers[474].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6201: initializer element for `gTrainers[474].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6202: initializer element for `gTrainers[474]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6202: initializer element for `gTrainers[474]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6202: initializer element for `gTrainers[474]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6202: initializer element for `gTrainers[474]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6209: initializer element for `gTrainers[475].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6210: initializer element for `gTrainers[475].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6214: initializer element for `gTrainers[475].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6215: initializer element for `gTrainers[475]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6215: initializer element for `gTrainers[475]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6215: initializer element for `gTrainers[475]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6215: initializer element for `gTrainers[475]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6222: initializer element for `gTrainers[476].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6223: initializer element for `gTrainers[476].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6227: initializer element for `gTrainers[476].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6228: initializer element for `gTrainers[476]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6228: initializer element for `gTrainers[476]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6228: initializer element for `gTrainers[476]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6228: initializer element for `gTrainers[476]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6235: initializer element for `gTrainers[477].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6236: initializer element for `gTrainers[477].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6240: initializer element for `gTrainers[477].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6241: initializer element for `gTrainers[477]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6241: initializer element for `gTrainers[477]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6241: initializer element for `gTrainers[477]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6241: initializer element for `gTrainers[477]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6248: initializer element for `gTrainers[478].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6249: initializer element for `gTrainers[478].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6253: initializer element for `gTrainers[478].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6254: initializer element for `gTrainers[478]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6254: initializer element for `gTrainers[478]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6254: initializer element for `gTrainers[478]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6254: initializer element for `gTrainers[478]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6261: initializer element for `gTrainers[479].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6262: initializer element for `gTrainers[479].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6266: initializer element for `gTrainers[479].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6267: initializer element for `gTrainers[479]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6267: initializer element for `gTrainers[479]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6267: initializer element for `gTrainers[479]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6267: initializer element for `gTrainers[479]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6274: initializer element for `gTrainers[480].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6275: initializer element for `gTrainers[480].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6279: initializer element for `gTrainers[480].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6280: initializer element for `gTrainers[480]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6280: initializer element for `gTrainers[480]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6280: initializer element for `gTrainers[480]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6280: initializer element for `gTrainers[480]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6287: initializer element for `gTrainers[481].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6288: initializer element for `gTrainers[481].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6292: initializer element for `gTrainers[481].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6293: initializer element for `gTrainers[481]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6293: initializer element for `gTrainers[481]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6293: initializer element for `gTrainers[481]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6293: initializer element for `gTrainers[481]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6300: initializer element for `gTrainers[482].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6301: initializer element for `gTrainers[482].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6305: initializer element for `gTrainers[482].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6306: initializer element for `gTrainers[482]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6306: initializer element for `gTrainers[482]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6306: initializer element for `gTrainers[482]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6306: initializer element for `gTrainers[482]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6313: initializer element for `gTrainers[483].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6314: initializer element for `gTrainers[483].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6318: initializer element for `gTrainers[483].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6319: initializer element for `gTrainers[483]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6319: initializer element for `gTrainers[483]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6319: initializer element for `gTrainers[483]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6319: initializer element for `gTrainers[483]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6326: initializer element for `gTrainers[484].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6327: initializer element for `gTrainers[484].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6331: initializer element for `gTrainers[484].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6332: initializer element for `gTrainers[484]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6332: initializer element for `gTrainers[484]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6332: initializer element for `gTrainers[484]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6332: initializer element for `gTrainers[484]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6339: initializer element for `gTrainers[485].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6340: initializer element for `gTrainers[485].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6344: initializer element for `gTrainers[485].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6345: initializer element for `gTrainers[485]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6345: initializer element for `gTrainers[485]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6345: initializer element for `gTrainers[485]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6345: initializer element for `gTrainers[485]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6352: initializer element for `gTrainers[486].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6353: initializer element for `gTrainers[486].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6357: initializer element for `gTrainers[486].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6358: initializer element for `gTrainers[486]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6358: initializer element for `gTrainers[486]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6358: initializer element for `gTrainers[486]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6358: initializer element for `gTrainers[486]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6365: initializer element for `gTrainers[487].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6366: initializer element for `gTrainers[487].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6370: initializer element for `gTrainers[487].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6371: initializer element for `gTrainers[487]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6371: initializer element for `gTrainers[487]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6371: initializer element for `gTrainers[487]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6371: initializer element for `gTrainers[487]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6378: initializer element for `gTrainers[488].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6379: initializer element for `gTrainers[488].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6383: initializer element for `gTrainers[488].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6384: initializer element for `gTrainers[488]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6384: initializer element for `gTrainers[488]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6384: initializer element for `gTrainers[488]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6384: initializer element for `gTrainers[488]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6391: initializer element for `gTrainers[489].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6392: initializer element for `gTrainers[489].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6396: initializer element for `gTrainers[489].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6397: initializer element for `gTrainers[489]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6397: initializer element for `gTrainers[489]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6397: initializer element for `gTrainers[489]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6397: initializer element for `gTrainers[489]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6404: initializer element for `gTrainers[490].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6405: initializer element for `gTrainers[490].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6409: initializer element for `gTrainers[490].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6410: initializer element for `gTrainers[490]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6410: initializer element for `gTrainers[490]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6410: initializer element for `gTrainers[490]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6410: initializer element for `gTrainers[490]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6417: initializer element for `gTrainers[491].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6418: initializer element for `gTrainers[491].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6422: initializer element for `gTrainers[491].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6423: initializer element for `gTrainers[491]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6423: initializer element for `gTrainers[491]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6423: initializer element for `gTrainers[491]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6423: initializer element for `gTrainers[491]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6430: initializer element for `gTrainers[492].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6431: initializer element for `gTrainers[492].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6435: initializer element for `gTrainers[492].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6436: initializer element for `gTrainers[492]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6436: initializer element for `gTrainers[492]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6436: initializer element for `gTrainers[492]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6436: initializer element for `gTrainers[492]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6443: initializer element for `gTrainers[493].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6444: initializer element for `gTrainers[493].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6448: initializer element for `gTrainers[493].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6449: initializer element for `gTrainers[493]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6449: initializer element for `gTrainers[493]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6449: initializer element for `gTrainers[493]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6449: initializer element for `gTrainers[493]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6456: initializer element for `gTrainers[494].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6457: initializer element for `gTrainers[494].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6461: initializer element for `gTrainers[494].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6462: initializer element for `gTrainers[494]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6462: initializer element for `gTrainers[494]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6462: initializer element for `gTrainers[494]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6462: initializer element for `gTrainers[494]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6469: initializer element for `gTrainers[495].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6470: initializer element for `gTrainers[495].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6474: initializer element for `gTrainers[495].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6475: initializer element for `gTrainers[495]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6475: initializer element for `gTrainers[495]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6475: initializer element for `gTrainers[495]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6475: initializer element for `gTrainers[495]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6482: initializer element for `gTrainers[496].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6483: initializer element for `gTrainers[496].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6487: initializer element for `gTrainers[496].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6488: initializer element for `gTrainers[496]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6488: initializer element for `gTrainers[496]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6488: initializer element for `gTrainers[496]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6488: initializer element for `gTrainers[496]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6495: initializer element for `gTrainers[497].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6496: initializer element for `gTrainers[497].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6500: initializer element for `gTrainers[497].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6501: initializer element for `gTrainers[497]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6501: initializer element for `gTrainers[497]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6501: initializer element for `gTrainers[497]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6501: initializer element for `gTrainers[497]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6508: initializer element for `gTrainers[498].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6509: initializer element for `gTrainers[498].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6513: initializer element for `gTrainers[498].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6514: initializer element for `gTrainers[498]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6514: initializer element for `gTrainers[498]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6514: initializer element for `gTrainers[498]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6514: initializer element for `gTrainers[498]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6521: initializer element for `gTrainers[499].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6522: initializer element for `gTrainers[499].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6526: initializer element for `gTrainers[499].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6527: initializer element for `gTrainers[499]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6527: initializer element for `gTrainers[499]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6527: initializer element for `gTrainers[499]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6527: initializer element for `gTrainers[499]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6534: initializer element for `gTrainers[500].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6535: initializer element for `gTrainers[500].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6539: initializer element for `gTrainers[500].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6540: initializer element for `gTrainers[500]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6540: initializer element for `gTrainers[500]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6540: initializer element for `gTrainers[500]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6540: initializer element for `gTrainers[500]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6547: initializer element for `gTrainers[501].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6548: initializer element for `gTrainers[501].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6552: initializer element for `gTrainers[501].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6553: initializer element for `gTrainers[501]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6553: initializer element for `gTrainers[501]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6553: initializer element for `gTrainers[501]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6553: initializer element for `gTrainers[501]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6560: initializer element for `gTrainers[502].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6561: initializer element for `gTrainers[502].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6565: initializer element for `gTrainers[502].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6566: initializer element for `gTrainers[502]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6566: initializer element for `gTrainers[502]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6566: initializer element for `gTrainers[502]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6566: initializer element for `gTrainers[502]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6573: initializer element for `gTrainers[503].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6574: initializer element for `gTrainers[503].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6578: initializer element for `gTrainers[503].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6579: initializer element for `gTrainers[503]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6579: initializer element for `gTrainers[503]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6579: initializer element for `gTrainers[503]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6579: initializer element for `gTrainers[503]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6586: initializer element for `gTrainers[504].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6587: initializer element for `gTrainers[504].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6591: initializer element for `gTrainers[504].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6592: initializer element for `gTrainers[504]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6592: initializer element for `gTrainers[504]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6592: initializer element for `gTrainers[504]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6592: initializer element for `gTrainers[504]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6599: initializer element for `gTrainers[505].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6600: initializer element for `gTrainers[505].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6604: initializer element for `gTrainers[505].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6605: initializer element for `gTrainers[505]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6605: initializer element for `gTrainers[505]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6605: initializer element for `gTrainers[505]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6605: initializer element for `gTrainers[505]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6612: initializer element for `gTrainers[506].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6613: initializer element for `gTrainers[506].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6617: initializer element for `gTrainers[506].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6618: initializer element for `gTrainers[506]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6618: initializer element for `gTrainers[506]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6618: initializer element for `gTrainers[506]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6618: initializer element for `gTrainers[506]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6625: initializer element for `gTrainers[507].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6626: initializer element for `gTrainers[507].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6630: initializer element for `gTrainers[507].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6631: initializer element for `gTrainers[507]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6631: initializer element for `gTrainers[507]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6631: initializer element for `gTrainers[507]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6631: initializer element for `gTrainers[507]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6638: initializer element for `gTrainers[508].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6639: initializer element for `gTrainers[508].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6643: initializer element for `gTrainers[508].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6644: initializer element for `gTrainers[508]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6644: initializer element for `gTrainers[508]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6644: initializer element for `gTrainers[508]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6644: initializer element for `gTrainers[508]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6651: initializer element for `gTrainers[509].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6652: initializer element for `gTrainers[509].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6656: initializer element for `gTrainers[509].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6657: initializer element for `gTrainers[509]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6657: initializer element for `gTrainers[509]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6657: initializer element for `gTrainers[509]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6657: initializer element for `gTrainers[509]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6664: initializer element for `gTrainers[510].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6665: initializer element for `gTrainers[510].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6669: initializer element for `gTrainers[510].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6670: initializer element for `gTrainers[510]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6670: initializer element for `gTrainers[510]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6670: initializer element for `gTrainers[510]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6670: initializer element for `gTrainers[510]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6677: initializer element for `gTrainers[511].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6678: initializer element for `gTrainers[511].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6682: initializer element for `gTrainers[511].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6683: initializer element for `gTrainers[511]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6683: initializer element for `gTrainers[511]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6683: initializer element for `gTrainers[511]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6683: initializer element for `gTrainers[511]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6690: initializer element for `gTrainers[512].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6691: initializer element for `gTrainers[512].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6695: initializer element for `gTrainers[512].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6696: initializer element for `gTrainers[512]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6696: initializer element for `gTrainers[512]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6696: initializer element for `gTrainers[512]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6696: initializer element for `gTrainers[512]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6703: initializer element for `gTrainers[513].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6704: initializer element for `gTrainers[513].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6708: initializer element for `gTrainers[513].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6709: initializer element for `gTrainers[513]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6709: initializer element for `gTrainers[513]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6709: initializer element for `gTrainers[513]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6709: initializer element for `gTrainers[513]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6716: initializer element for `gTrainers[514].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6717: initializer element for `gTrainers[514].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6721: initializer element for `gTrainers[514].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6722: initializer element for `gTrainers[514]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6722: initializer element for `gTrainers[514]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6722: initializer element for `gTrainers[514]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6722: initializer element for `gTrainers[514]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6729: initializer element for `gTrainers[515].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6730: initializer element for `gTrainers[515].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6734: initializer element for `gTrainers[515].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6735: initializer element for `gTrainers[515]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6735: initializer element for `gTrainers[515]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6735: initializer element for `gTrainers[515]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6735: initializer element for `gTrainers[515]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6742: initializer element for `gTrainers[516].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6743: initializer element for `gTrainers[516].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6747: initializer element for `gTrainers[516].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6748: initializer element for `gTrainers[516]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6748: initializer element for `gTrainers[516]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6748: initializer element for `gTrainers[516]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6748: initializer element for `gTrainers[516]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6755: initializer element for `gTrainers[517].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6756: initializer element for `gTrainers[517].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6760: initializer element for `gTrainers[517].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6761: initializer element for `gTrainers[517]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6761: initializer element for `gTrainers[517]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6761: initializer element for `gTrainers[517]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6761: initializer element for `gTrainers[517]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6768: initializer element for `gTrainers[518].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6769: initializer element for `gTrainers[518].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6773: initializer element for `gTrainers[518].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6774: initializer element for `gTrainers[518]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6774: initializer element for `gTrainers[518]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6774: initializer element for `gTrainers[518]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6774: initializer element for `gTrainers[518]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6781: initializer element for `gTrainers[519].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6782: initializer element for `gTrainers[519].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6786: initializer element for `gTrainers[519].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6787: initializer element for `gTrainers[519]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6787: initializer element for `gTrainers[519]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6787: initializer element for `gTrainers[519]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6787: initializer element for `gTrainers[519]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6794: initializer element for `gTrainers[520].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6795: initializer element for `gTrainers[520].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6799: initializer element for `gTrainers[520].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6800: initializer element for `gTrainers[520]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6800: initializer element for `gTrainers[520]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6800: initializer element for `gTrainers[520]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6800: initializer element for `gTrainers[520]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6807: initializer element for `gTrainers[521].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6808: initializer element for `gTrainers[521].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6812: initializer element for `gTrainers[521].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6813: initializer element for `gTrainers[521]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6813: initializer element for `gTrainers[521]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6813: initializer element for `gTrainers[521]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6813: initializer element for `gTrainers[521]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6820: initializer element for `gTrainers[522].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6821: initializer element for `gTrainers[522].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6825: initializer element for `gTrainers[522].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6826: initializer element for `gTrainers[522]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6826: initializer element for `gTrainers[522]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6826: initializer element for `gTrainers[522]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6826: initializer element for `gTrainers[522]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6833: initializer element for `gTrainers[523].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6834: initializer element for `gTrainers[523].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6838: initializer element for `gTrainers[523].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6839: initializer element for `gTrainers[523]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6839: initializer element for `gTrainers[523]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6839: initializer element for `gTrainers[523]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6839: initializer element for `gTrainers[523]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6846: initializer element for `gTrainers[524].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6847: initializer element for `gTrainers[524].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6851: initializer element for `gTrainers[524].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6852: initializer element for `gTrainers[524]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6852: initializer element for `gTrainers[524]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6852: initializer element for `gTrainers[524]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6852: initializer element for `gTrainers[524]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6859: initializer element for `gTrainers[525].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6860: initializer element for `gTrainers[525].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6864: initializer element for `gTrainers[525].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6865: initializer element for `gTrainers[525]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6865: initializer element for `gTrainers[525]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6865: initializer element for `gTrainers[525]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6865: initializer element for `gTrainers[525]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6872: initializer element for `gTrainers[526].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6873: initializer element for `gTrainers[526].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6877: initializer element for `gTrainers[526].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6878: initializer element for `gTrainers[526]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6878: initializer element for `gTrainers[526]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6878: initializer element for `gTrainers[526]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6878: initializer element for `gTrainers[526]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6885: initializer element for `gTrainers[527].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6886: initializer element for `gTrainers[527].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6890: initializer element for `gTrainers[527].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6891: initializer element for `gTrainers[527]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6891: initializer element for `gTrainers[527]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6891: initializer element for `gTrainers[527]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6891: initializer element for `gTrainers[527]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6898: initializer element for `gTrainers[528].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6899: initializer element for `gTrainers[528].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6903: initializer element for `gTrainers[528].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6904: initializer element for `gTrainers[528]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6904: initializer element for `gTrainers[528]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6904: initializer element for `gTrainers[528]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6904: initializer element for `gTrainers[528]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6914: initializer element for `gTrainers[529].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6915: initializer element for `gTrainers[529].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6919: initializer element for `gTrainers[529].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6920: initializer element for `gTrainers[529]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6927: initializer element for `gTrainers[530].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6928: initializer element for `gTrainers[530].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6932: initializer element for `gTrainers[530].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6933: initializer element for `gTrainers[530]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6933: initializer element for `gTrainers[530]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6933: initializer element for `gTrainers[530]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6933: initializer element for `gTrainers[530]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6940: initializer element for `gTrainers[531].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6941: initializer element for `gTrainers[531].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6945: initializer element for `gTrainers[531].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6946: initializer element for `gTrainers[531]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6946: initializer element for `gTrainers[531]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6946: initializer element for `gTrainers[531]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6946: initializer element for `gTrainers[531]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6956: initializer element for `gTrainers[532].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6957: initializer element for `gTrainers[532].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6961: initializer element for `gTrainers[532].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6962: initializer element for `gTrainers[532]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6969: initializer element for `gTrainers[533].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6970: initializer element for `gTrainers[533].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6974: initializer element for `gTrainers[533].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6975: initializer element for `gTrainers[533]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6975: initializer element for `gTrainers[533]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6975: initializer element for `gTrainers[533]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6975: initializer element for `gTrainers[533]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6982: initializer element for `gTrainers[534].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6983: initializer element for `gTrainers[534].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6987: initializer element for `gTrainers[534].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6988: initializer element for `gTrainers[534]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6988: initializer element for `gTrainers[534]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6988: initializer element for `gTrainers[534]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6988: initializer element for `gTrainers[534]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6998: initializer element for `gTrainers[535].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:6999: initializer element for `gTrainers[535].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7003: initializer element for `gTrainers[535].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7004: initializer element for `gTrainers[535]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7011: initializer element for `gTrainers[536].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7012: initializer element for `gTrainers[536].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7016: initializer element for `gTrainers[536].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7017: initializer element for `gTrainers[536]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7017: initializer element for `gTrainers[536]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7017: initializer element for `gTrainers[536]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7017: initializer element for `gTrainers[536]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7024: initializer element for `gTrainers[537].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7025: initializer element for `gTrainers[537].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7029: initializer element for `gTrainers[537].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7030: initializer element for `gTrainers[537]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7030: initializer element for `gTrainers[537]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7030: initializer element for `gTrainers[537]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7030: initializer element for `gTrainers[537]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7037: initializer element for `gTrainers[538].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7038: initializer element for `gTrainers[538].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7042: initializer element for `gTrainers[538].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7043: initializer element for `gTrainers[538]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7043: initializer element for `gTrainers[538]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7043: initializer element for `gTrainers[538]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7043: initializer element for `gTrainers[538]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7050: initializer element for `gTrainers[539].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7051: initializer element for `gTrainers[539].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7055: initializer element for `gTrainers[539].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7056: initializer element for `gTrainers[539]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7056: initializer element for `gTrainers[539]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7056: initializer element for `gTrainers[539]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7056: initializer element for `gTrainers[539]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7063: initializer element for `gTrainers[540].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7064: initializer element for `gTrainers[540].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7068: initializer element for `gTrainers[540].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7069: initializer element for `gTrainers[540]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7069: initializer element for `gTrainers[540]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7069: initializer element for `gTrainers[540]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7069: initializer element for `gTrainers[540]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7076: initializer element for `gTrainers[541].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7077: initializer element for `gTrainers[541].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7081: initializer element for `gTrainers[541].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7082: initializer element for `gTrainers[541]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7082: initializer element for `gTrainers[541]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7082: initializer element for `gTrainers[541]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7082: initializer element for `gTrainers[541]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7089: initializer element for `gTrainers[542].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7090: initializer element for `gTrainers[542].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7094: initializer element for `gTrainers[542].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7095: initializer element for `gTrainers[542]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7095: initializer element for `gTrainers[542]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7095: initializer element for `gTrainers[542]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7095: initializer element for `gTrainers[542]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7102: initializer element for `gTrainers[543].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7103: initializer element for `gTrainers[543].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7107: initializer element for `gTrainers[543].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7108: initializer element for `gTrainers[543]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7108: initializer element for `gTrainers[543]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7108: initializer element for `gTrainers[543]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7108: initializer element for `gTrainers[543]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7115: initializer element for `gTrainers[544].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7116: initializer element for `gTrainers[544].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7120: initializer element for `gTrainers[544].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7121: initializer element for `gTrainers[544]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7121: initializer element for `gTrainers[544]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7121: initializer element for `gTrainers[544]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7121: initializer element for `gTrainers[544]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7128: initializer element for `gTrainers[545].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7129: initializer element for `gTrainers[545].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7133: initializer element for `gTrainers[545].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7134: initializer element for `gTrainers[545]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7134: initializer element for `gTrainers[545]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7134: initializer element for `gTrainers[545]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7134: initializer element for `gTrainers[545]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7141: initializer element for `gTrainers[546].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7142: initializer element for `gTrainers[546].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7146: initializer element for `gTrainers[546].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7147: initializer element for `gTrainers[546]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7147: initializer element for `gTrainers[546]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7147: initializer element for `gTrainers[546]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7147: initializer element for `gTrainers[546]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7154: initializer element for `gTrainers[547].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7155: initializer element for `gTrainers[547].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7159: initializer element for `gTrainers[547].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7160: initializer element for `gTrainers[547]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7160: initializer element for `gTrainers[547]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7160: initializer element for `gTrainers[547]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7160: initializer element for `gTrainers[547]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7167: initializer element for `gTrainers[548].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7168: initializer element for `gTrainers[548].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7172: initializer element for `gTrainers[548].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7173: initializer element for `gTrainers[548]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7173: initializer element for `gTrainers[548]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7173: initializer element for `gTrainers[548]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7173: initializer element for `gTrainers[548]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7180: initializer element for `gTrainers[549].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7181: initializer element for `gTrainers[549].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7185: initializer element for `gTrainers[549].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7186: initializer element for `gTrainers[549]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7186: initializer element for `gTrainers[549]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7186: initializer element for `gTrainers[549]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7186: initializer element for `gTrainers[549]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7193: initializer element for `gTrainers[550].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7194: initializer element for `gTrainers[550].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7198: initializer element for `gTrainers[550].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7199: initializer element for `gTrainers[550]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7199: initializer element for `gTrainers[550]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7199: initializer element for `gTrainers[550]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7199: initializer element for `gTrainers[550]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7206: initializer element for `gTrainers[551].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7207: initializer element for `gTrainers[551].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7211: initializer element for `gTrainers[551].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7212: initializer element for `gTrainers[551]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7212: initializer element for `gTrainers[551]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7212: initializer element for `gTrainers[551]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7212: initializer element for `gTrainers[551]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7219: initializer element for `gTrainers[552].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7220: initializer element for `gTrainers[552].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7224: initializer element for `gTrainers[552].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7225: initializer element for `gTrainers[552]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7225: initializer element for `gTrainers[552]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7225: initializer element for `gTrainers[552]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7225: initializer element for `gTrainers[552]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7232: initializer element for `gTrainers[553].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7233: initializer element for `gTrainers[553].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7237: initializer element for `gTrainers[553].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7238: initializer element for `gTrainers[553]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7238: initializer element for `gTrainers[553]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7238: initializer element for `gTrainers[553]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7238: initializer element for `gTrainers[553]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7245: initializer element for `gTrainers[554].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7246: initializer element for `gTrainers[554].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7250: initializer element for `gTrainers[554].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7251: initializer element for `gTrainers[554]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7251: initializer element for `gTrainers[554]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7251: initializer element for `gTrainers[554]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7251: initializer element for `gTrainers[554]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7258: initializer element for `gTrainers[555].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7259: initializer element for `gTrainers[555].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7263: initializer element for `gTrainers[555].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7264: initializer element for `gTrainers[555]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7264: initializer element for `gTrainers[555]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7264: initializer element for `gTrainers[555]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7264: initializer element for `gTrainers[555]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7271: initializer element for `gTrainers[556].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7272: initializer element for `gTrainers[556].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7276: initializer element for `gTrainers[556].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7277: initializer element for `gTrainers[556]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7277: initializer element for `gTrainers[556]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7277: initializer element for `gTrainers[556]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7277: initializer element for `gTrainers[556]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7284: initializer element for `gTrainers[557].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7285: initializer element for `gTrainers[557].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7289: initializer element for `gTrainers[557].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7290: initializer element for `gTrainers[557]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7290: initializer element for `gTrainers[557]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7290: initializer element for `gTrainers[557]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7290: initializer element for `gTrainers[557]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7297: initializer element for `gTrainers[558].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7298: initializer element for `gTrainers[558].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7302: initializer element for `gTrainers[558].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7303: initializer element for `gTrainers[558]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7303: initializer element for `gTrainers[558]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7303: initializer element for `gTrainers[558]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7303: initializer element for `gTrainers[558]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7310: initializer element for `gTrainers[559].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7311: initializer element for `gTrainers[559].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7315: initializer element for `gTrainers[559].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7316: initializer element for `gTrainers[559]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7316: initializer element for `gTrainers[559]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7316: initializer element for `gTrainers[559]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7316: initializer element for `gTrainers[559]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7323: initializer element for `gTrainers[560].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7324: initializer element for `gTrainers[560].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7328: initializer element for `gTrainers[560].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7329: initializer element for `gTrainers[560]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7329: initializer element for `gTrainers[560]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7329: initializer element for `gTrainers[560]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7329: initializer element for `gTrainers[560]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7336: initializer element for `gTrainers[561].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7337: initializer element for `gTrainers[561].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7341: initializer element for `gTrainers[561].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7342: initializer element for `gTrainers[561]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7342: initializer element for `gTrainers[561]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7342: initializer element for `gTrainers[561]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7342: initializer element for `gTrainers[561]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7349: initializer element for `gTrainers[562].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7350: initializer element for `gTrainers[562].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7354: initializer element for `gTrainers[562].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7355: initializer element for `gTrainers[562]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7355: initializer element for `gTrainers[562]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7355: initializer element for `gTrainers[562]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7355: initializer element for `gTrainers[562]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7362: initializer element for `gTrainers[563].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7363: initializer element for `gTrainers[563].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7367: initializer element for `gTrainers[563].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7368: initializer element for `gTrainers[563]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7368: initializer element for `gTrainers[563]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7368: initializer element for `gTrainers[563]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7368: initializer element for `gTrainers[563]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7375: initializer element for `gTrainers[564].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7376: initializer element for `gTrainers[564].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7380: initializer element for `gTrainers[564].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7381: initializer element for `gTrainers[564]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7381: initializer element for `gTrainers[564]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7381: initializer element for `gTrainers[564]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7381: initializer element for `gTrainers[564]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7388: initializer element for `gTrainers[565].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7389: initializer element for `gTrainers[565].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7393: initializer element for `gTrainers[565].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7394: initializer element for `gTrainers[565]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7394: initializer element for `gTrainers[565]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7394: initializer element for `gTrainers[565]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7394: initializer element for `gTrainers[565]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7401: initializer element for `gTrainers[566].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7402: initializer element for `gTrainers[566].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7406: initializer element for `gTrainers[566].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7407: initializer element for `gTrainers[566]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7407: initializer element for `gTrainers[566]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7407: initializer element for `gTrainers[566]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7407: initializer element for `gTrainers[566]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7414: initializer element for `gTrainers[567].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7415: initializer element for `gTrainers[567].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7419: initializer element for `gTrainers[567].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7420: initializer element for `gTrainers[567]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7420: initializer element for `gTrainers[567]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7420: initializer element for `gTrainers[567]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7420: initializer element for `gTrainers[567]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7427: initializer element for `gTrainers[568].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7428: initializer element for `gTrainers[568].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7432: initializer element for `gTrainers[568].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7433: initializer element for `gTrainers[568]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7433: initializer element for `gTrainers[568]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7433: initializer element for `gTrainers[568]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7433: initializer element for `gTrainers[568]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7440: initializer element for `gTrainers[569].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7441: initializer element for `gTrainers[569].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7445: initializer element for `gTrainers[569].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7446: initializer element for `gTrainers[569]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7446: initializer element for `gTrainers[569]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7446: initializer element for `gTrainers[569]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7446: initializer element for `gTrainers[569]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7453: initializer element for `gTrainers[570].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7454: initializer element for `gTrainers[570].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7458: initializer element for `gTrainers[570].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7459: initializer element for `gTrainers[570]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7459: initializer element for `gTrainers[570]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7459: initializer element for `gTrainers[570]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7459: initializer element for `gTrainers[570]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7466: initializer element for `gTrainers[571].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7467: initializer element for `gTrainers[571].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7471: initializer element for `gTrainers[571].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7472: initializer element for `gTrainers[571]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7472: initializer element for `gTrainers[571]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7472: initializer element for `gTrainers[571]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7472: initializer element for `gTrainers[571]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7479: initializer element for `gTrainers[572].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7480: initializer element for `gTrainers[572].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7484: initializer element for `gTrainers[572].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7485: initializer element for `gTrainers[572]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7485: initializer element for `gTrainers[572]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7485: initializer element for `gTrainers[572]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7485: initializer element for `gTrainers[572]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7492: initializer element for `gTrainers[573].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7493: initializer element for `gTrainers[573].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7497: initializer element for `gTrainers[573].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7498: initializer element for `gTrainers[573]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7498: initializer element for `gTrainers[573]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7498: initializer element for `gTrainers[573]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7498: initializer element for `gTrainers[573]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7505: initializer element for `gTrainers[574].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7506: initializer element for `gTrainers[574].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7510: initializer element for `gTrainers[574].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7511: initializer element for `gTrainers[574]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7511: initializer element for `gTrainers[574]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7511: initializer element for `gTrainers[574]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7511: initializer element for `gTrainers[574]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7518: initializer element for `gTrainers[575].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7519: initializer element for `gTrainers[575].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7523: initializer element for `gTrainers[575].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7524: initializer element for `gTrainers[575]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7524: initializer element for `gTrainers[575]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7524: initializer element for `gTrainers[575]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7524: initializer element for `gTrainers[575]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7531: initializer element for `gTrainers[576].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7532: initializer element for `gTrainers[576].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7536: initializer element for `gTrainers[576].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7537: initializer element for `gTrainers[576]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7537: initializer element for `gTrainers[576]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7537: initializer element for `gTrainers[576]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7537: initializer element for `gTrainers[576]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7544: initializer element for `gTrainers[577].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7545: initializer element for `gTrainers[577].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7549: initializer element for `gTrainers[577].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7550: initializer element for `gTrainers[577]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7550: initializer element for `gTrainers[577]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7550: initializer element for `gTrainers[577]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7550: initializer element for `gTrainers[577]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7557: initializer element for `gTrainers[578].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7558: initializer element for `gTrainers[578].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7562: initializer element for `gTrainers[578].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7563: initializer element for `gTrainers[578]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7563: initializer element for `gTrainers[578]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7563: initializer element for `gTrainers[578]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7563: initializer element for `gTrainers[578]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7570: initializer element for `gTrainers[579].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7571: initializer element for `gTrainers[579].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7575: initializer element for `gTrainers[579].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7576: initializer element for `gTrainers[579]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7576: initializer element for `gTrainers[579]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7576: initializer element for `gTrainers[579]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7576: initializer element for `gTrainers[579]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7583: initializer element for `gTrainers[580].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7584: initializer element for `gTrainers[580].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7588: initializer element for `gTrainers[580].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7589: initializer element for `gTrainers[580]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7589: initializer element for `gTrainers[580]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7589: initializer element for `gTrainers[580]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7589: initializer element for `gTrainers[580]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7596: initializer element for `gTrainers[581].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7597: initializer element for `gTrainers[581].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7601: initializer element for `gTrainers[581].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7602: initializer element for `gTrainers[581]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7602: initializer element for `gTrainers[581]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7602: initializer element for `gTrainers[581]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7602: initializer element for `gTrainers[581]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7609: initializer element for `gTrainers[582].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7610: initializer element for `gTrainers[582].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7614: initializer element for `gTrainers[582].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7615: initializer element for `gTrainers[582]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7615: initializer element for `gTrainers[582]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7615: initializer element for `gTrainers[582]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7615: initializer element for `gTrainers[582]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7622: initializer element for `gTrainers[583].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7623: initializer element for `gTrainers[583].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7627: initializer element for `gTrainers[583].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7628: initializer element for `gTrainers[583]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7628: initializer element for `gTrainers[583]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7628: initializer element for `gTrainers[583]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7628: initializer element for `gTrainers[583]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7635: initializer element for `gTrainers[584].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7636: initializer element for `gTrainers[584].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7640: initializer element for `gTrainers[584].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7641: initializer element for `gTrainers[584]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7641: initializer element for `gTrainers[584]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7641: initializer element for `gTrainers[584]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7641: initializer element for `gTrainers[584]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7648: initializer element for `gTrainers[585].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7649: initializer element for `gTrainers[585].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7653: initializer element for `gTrainers[585].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7654: initializer element for `gTrainers[585]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7654: initializer element for `gTrainers[585]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7654: initializer element for `gTrainers[585]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7654: initializer element for `gTrainers[585]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7661: initializer element for `gTrainers[586].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7662: initializer element for `gTrainers[586].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7666: initializer element for `gTrainers[586].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7667: initializer element for `gTrainers[586]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7667: initializer element for `gTrainers[586]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7667: initializer element for `gTrainers[586]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7667: initializer element for `gTrainers[586]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7674: initializer element for `gTrainers[587].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7675: initializer element for `gTrainers[587].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7679: initializer element for `gTrainers[587].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7680: initializer element for `gTrainers[587]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7680: initializer element for `gTrainers[587]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7680: initializer element for `gTrainers[587]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7680: initializer element for `gTrainers[587]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7687: initializer element for `gTrainers[588].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7688: initializer element for `gTrainers[588].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7692: initializer element for `gTrainers[588].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7693: initializer element for `gTrainers[588]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7693: initializer element for `gTrainers[588]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7693: initializer element for `gTrainers[588]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7693: initializer element for `gTrainers[588]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7700: initializer element for `gTrainers[589].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7701: initializer element for `gTrainers[589].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7705: initializer element for `gTrainers[589].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7706: initializer element for `gTrainers[589]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7706: initializer element for `gTrainers[589]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7706: initializer element for `gTrainers[589]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7706: initializer element for `gTrainers[589]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7713: initializer element for `gTrainers[590].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7714: initializer element for `gTrainers[590].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7718: initializer element for `gTrainers[590].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7719: initializer element for `gTrainers[590]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7719: initializer element for `gTrainers[590]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7719: initializer element for `gTrainers[590]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7719: initializer element for `gTrainers[590]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7726: initializer element for `gTrainers[591].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7727: initializer element for `gTrainers[591].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7731: initializer element for `gTrainers[591].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7732: initializer element for `gTrainers[591]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7732: initializer element for `gTrainers[591]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7732: initializer element for `gTrainers[591]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7732: initializer element for `gTrainers[591]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7739: initializer element for `gTrainers[592].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7740: initializer element for `gTrainers[592].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7744: initializer element for `gTrainers[592].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7745: initializer element for `gTrainers[592]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7745: initializer element for `gTrainers[592]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7745: initializer element for `gTrainers[592]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7745: initializer element for `gTrainers[592]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7752: initializer element for `gTrainers[593].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7753: initializer element for `gTrainers[593].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7757: initializer element for `gTrainers[593].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7758: initializer element for `gTrainers[593]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7758: initializer element for `gTrainers[593]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7758: initializer element for `gTrainers[593]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7758: initializer element for `gTrainers[593]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7765: initializer element for `gTrainers[594].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7766: initializer element for `gTrainers[594].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7770: initializer element for `gTrainers[594].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7771: initializer element for `gTrainers[594]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7771: initializer element for `gTrainers[594]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7771: initializer element for `gTrainers[594]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7771: initializer element for `gTrainers[594]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7778: initializer element for `gTrainers[595].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7779: initializer element for `gTrainers[595].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7783: initializer element for `gTrainers[595].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7784: initializer element for `gTrainers[595]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7784: initializer element for `gTrainers[595]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7784: initializer element for `gTrainers[595]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7784: initializer element for `gTrainers[595]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7791: initializer element for `gTrainers[596].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7792: initializer element for `gTrainers[596].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7796: initializer element for `gTrainers[596].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7797: initializer element for `gTrainers[596]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7797: initializer element for `gTrainers[596]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7797: initializer element for `gTrainers[596]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7797: initializer element for `gTrainers[596]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7804: initializer element for `gTrainers[597].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7805: initializer element for `gTrainers[597].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7809: initializer element for `gTrainers[597].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7810: initializer element for `gTrainers[597]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7810: initializer element for `gTrainers[597]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7810: initializer element for `gTrainers[597]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7810: initializer element for `gTrainers[597]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7817: initializer element for `gTrainers[598].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7818: initializer element for `gTrainers[598].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7822: initializer element for `gTrainers[598].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7823: initializer element for `gTrainers[598]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7823: initializer element for `gTrainers[598]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7823: initializer element for `gTrainers[598]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7823: initializer element for `gTrainers[598]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7830: initializer element for `gTrainers[599].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7831: initializer element for `gTrainers[599].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7835: initializer element for `gTrainers[599].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7836: initializer element for `gTrainers[599]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7836: initializer element for `gTrainers[599]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7836: initializer element for `gTrainers[599]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7836: initializer element for `gTrainers[599]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7843: initializer element for `gTrainers[600].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7844: initializer element for `gTrainers[600].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7848: initializer element for `gTrainers[600].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7849: initializer element for `gTrainers[600]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7849: initializer element for `gTrainers[600]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7849: initializer element for `gTrainers[600]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7849: initializer element for `gTrainers[600]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7856: initializer element for `gTrainers[601].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7857: initializer element for `gTrainers[601].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7861: initializer element for `gTrainers[601].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7862: initializer element for `gTrainers[601]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7862: initializer element for `gTrainers[601]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7862: initializer element for `gTrainers[601]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7862: initializer element for `gTrainers[601]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7869: initializer element for `gTrainers[602].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7870: initializer element for `gTrainers[602].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7874: initializer element for `gTrainers[602].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7875: initializer element for `gTrainers[602]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7875: initializer element for `gTrainers[602]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7875: initializer element for `gTrainers[602]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7875: initializer element for `gTrainers[602]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7882: initializer element for `gTrainers[603].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7883: initializer element for `gTrainers[603].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7887: initializer element for `gTrainers[603].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7888: initializer element for `gTrainers[603]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7888: initializer element for `gTrainers[603]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7888: initializer element for `gTrainers[603]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7888: initializer element for `gTrainers[603]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7895: initializer element for `gTrainers[604].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7896: initializer element for `gTrainers[604].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7900: initializer element for `gTrainers[604].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7901: initializer element for `gTrainers[604]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7901: initializer element for `gTrainers[604]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7901: initializer element for `gTrainers[604]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7901: initializer element for `gTrainers[604]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7908: initializer element for `gTrainers[605].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7909: initializer element for `gTrainers[605].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7913: initializer element for `gTrainers[605].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7914: initializer element for `gTrainers[605]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7914: initializer element for `gTrainers[605]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7914: initializer element for `gTrainers[605]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7914: initializer element for `gTrainers[605]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7921: initializer element for `gTrainers[606].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7922: initializer element for `gTrainers[606].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7926: initializer element for `gTrainers[606].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7927: initializer element for `gTrainers[606]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7927: initializer element for `gTrainers[606]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7927: initializer element for `gTrainers[606]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7927: initializer element for `gTrainers[606]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7934: initializer element for `gTrainers[607].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7935: initializer element for `gTrainers[607].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7939: initializer element for `gTrainers[607].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7940: initializer element for `gTrainers[607]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7940: initializer element for `gTrainers[607]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7940: initializer element for `gTrainers[607]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7940: initializer element for `gTrainers[607]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7947: initializer element for `gTrainers[608].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7948: initializer element for `gTrainers[608].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7952: initializer element for `gTrainers[608].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7953: initializer element for `gTrainers[608]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7953: initializer element for `gTrainers[608]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7953: initializer element for `gTrainers[608]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7953: initializer element for `gTrainers[608]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7960: initializer element for `gTrainers[609].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7961: initializer element for `gTrainers[609].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7965: initializer element for `gTrainers[609].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7966: initializer element for `gTrainers[609]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7966: initializer element for `gTrainers[609]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7966: initializer element for `gTrainers[609]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7966: initializer element for `gTrainers[609]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7973: initializer element for `gTrainers[610].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7974: initializer element for `gTrainers[610].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7978: initializer element for `gTrainers[610].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7979: initializer element for `gTrainers[610]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7979: initializer element for `gTrainers[610]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7979: initializer element for `gTrainers[610]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7979: initializer element for `gTrainers[610]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7986: initializer element for `gTrainers[611].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7987: initializer element for `gTrainers[611].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7991: initializer element for `gTrainers[611].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7992: initializer element for `gTrainers[611]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7992: initializer element for `gTrainers[611]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7992: initializer element for `gTrainers[611]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7992: initializer element for `gTrainers[611]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:7999: initializer element for `gTrainers[612].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8000: initializer element for `gTrainers[612].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8004: initializer element for `gTrainers[612].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8005: initializer element for `gTrainers[612]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8005: initializer element for `gTrainers[612]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8005: initializer element for `gTrainers[612]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8005: initializer element for `gTrainers[612]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8012: initializer element for `gTrainers[613].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8013: initializer element for `gTrainers[613].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8017: initializer element for `gTrainers[613].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8018: initializer element for `gTrainers[613]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8018: initializer element for `gTrainers[613]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8018: initializer element for `gTrainers[613]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8018: initializer element for `gTrainers[613]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8025: initializer element for `gTrainers[614].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8026: initializer element for `gTrainers[614].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8030: initializer element for `gTrainers[614].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8031: initializer element for `gTrainers[614]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8031: initializer element for `gTrainers[614]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8031: initializer element for `gTrainers[614]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8031: initializer element for `gTrainers[614]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8038: initializer element for `gTrainers[615].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8039: initializer element for `gTrainers[615].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8043: initializer element for `gTrainers[615].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8044: initializer element for `gTrainers[615]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8044: initializer element for `gTrainers[615]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8044: initializer element for `gTrainers[615]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8044: initializer element for `gTrainers[615]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8051: initializer element for `gTrainers[616].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8052: initializer element for `gTrainers[616].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8056: initializer element for `gTrainers[616].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8057: initializer element for `gTrainers[616]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8057: initializer element for `gTrainers[616]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8057: initializer element for `gTrainers[616]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8057: initializer element for `gTrainers[616]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8064: initializer element for `gTrainers[617].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8065: initializer element for `gTrainers[617].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8069: initializer element for `gTrainers[617].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8070: initializer element for `gTrainers[617]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8070: initializer element for `gTrainers[617]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8070: initializer element for `gTrainers[617]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8070: initializer element for `gTrainers[617]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8077: initializer element for `gTrainers[618].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8078: initializer element for `gTrainers[618].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8082: initializer element for `gTrainers[618].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8083: initializer element for `gTrainers[618]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8083: initializer element for `gTrainers[618]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8083: initializer element for `gTrainers[618]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8083: initializer element for `gTrainers[618]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8090: initializer element for `gTrainers[619].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8091: initializer element for `gTrainers[619].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8095: initializer element for `gTrainers[619].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8096: initializer element for `gTrainers[619]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8096: initializer element for `gTrainers[619]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8096: initializer element for `gTrainers[619]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8096: initializer element for `gTrainers[619]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8103: initializer element for `gTrainers[620].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8104: initializer element for `gTrainers[620].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8108: initializer element for `gTrainers[620].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8109: initializer element for `gTrainers[620]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8109: initializer element for `gTrainers[620]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8109: initializer element for `gTrainers[620]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8109: initializer element for `gTrainers[620]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8116: initializer element for `gTrainers[621].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8117: initializer element for `gTrainers[621].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8121: initializer element for `gTrainers[621].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8122: initializer element for `gTrainers[621]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8122: initializer element for `gTrainers[621]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8122: initializer element for `gTrainers[621]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8122: initializer element for `gTrainers[621]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8129: initializer element for `gTrainers[622].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8130: initializer element for `gTrainers[622].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8134: initializer element for `gTrainers[622].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8135: initializer element for `gTrainers[622]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8135: initializer element for `gTrainers[622]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8135: initializer element for `gTrainers[622]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8135: initializer element for `gTrainers[622]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8142: initializer element for `gTrainers[623].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8143: initializer element for `gTrainers[623].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8147: initializer element for `gTrainers[623].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8148: initializer element for `gTrainers[623]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8148: initializer element for `gTrainers[623]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8148: initializer element for `gTrainers[623]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8148: initializer element for `gTrainers[623]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8155: initializer element for `gTrainers[624].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8156: initializer element for `gTrainers[624].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8160: initializer element for `gTrainers[624].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8161: initializer element for `gTrainers[624]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8161: initializer element for `gTrainers[624]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8161: initializer element for `gTrainers[624]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8161: initializer element for `gTrainers[624]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8168: initializer element for `gTrainers[625].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8169: initializer element for `gTrainers[625].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8173: initializer element for `gTrainers[625].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8174: initializer element for `gTrainers[625]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8174: initializer element for `gTrainers[625]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8174: initializer element for `gTrainers[625]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8174: initializer element for `gTrainers[625]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8181: initializer element for `gTrainers[626].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8182: initializer element for `gTrainers[626].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8186: initializer element for `gTrainers[626].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8187: initializer element for `gTrainers[626]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8187: initializer element for `gTrainers[626]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8187: initializer element for `gTrainers[626]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8187: initializer element for `gTrainers[626]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8194: initializer element for `gTrainers[627].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8195: initializer element for `gTrainers[627].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8199: initializer element for `gTrainers[627].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8200: initializer element for `gTrainers[627]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8200: initializer element for `gTrainers[627]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8200: initializer element for `gTrainers[627]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8200: initializer element for `gTrainers[627]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8207: initializer element for `gTrainers[628].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8208: initializer element for `gTrainers[628].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8212: initializer element for `gTrainers[628].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8213: initializer element for `gTrainers[628]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8213: initializer element for `gTrainers[628]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8213: initializer element for `gTrainers[628]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8213: initializer element for `gTrainers[628]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8220: initializer element for `gTrainers[629].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8221: initializer element for `gTrainers[629].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8225: initializer element for `gTrainers[629].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8226: initializer element for `gTrainers[629]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8226: initializer element for `gTrainers[629]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8226: initializer element for `gTrainers[629]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8226: initializer element for `gTrainers[629]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8233: initializer element for `gTrainers[630].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8234: initializer element for `gTrainers[630].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8238: initializer element for `gTrainers[630].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8239: initializer element for `gTrainers[630]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8239: initializer element for `gTrainers[630]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8239: initializer element for `gTrainers[630]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8239: initializer element for `gTrainers[630]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8246: initializer element for `gTrainers[631].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8247: initializer element for `gTrainers[631].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8251: initializer element for `gTrainers[631].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8252: initializer element for `gTrainers[631]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8252: initializer element for `gTrainers[631]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8252: initializer element for `gTrainers[631]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8252: initializer element for `gTrainers[631]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8259: initializer element for `gTrainers[632].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8260: initializer element for `gTrainers[632].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8264: initializer element for `gTrainers[632].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8265: initializer element for `gTrainers[632]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8265: initializer element for `gTrainers[632]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8265: initializer element for `gTrainers[632]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8265: initializer element for `gTrainers[632]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8272: initializer element for `gTrainers[633].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8273: initializer element for `gTrainers[633].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8277: initializer element for `gTrainers[633].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8278: initializer element for `gTrainers[633]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8278: initializer element for `gTrainers[633]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8278: initializer element for `gTrainers[633]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8278: initializer element for `gTrainers[633]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8285: initializer element for `gTrainers[634].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8286: initializer element for `gTrainers[634].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8290: initializer element for `gTrainers[634].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8291: initializer element for `gTrainers[634]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8291: initializer element for `gTrainers[634]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8291: initializer element for `gTrainers[634]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8291: initializer element for `gTrainers[634]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8298: initializer element for `gTrainers[635].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8299: initializer element for `gTrainers[635].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8303: initializer element for `gTrainers[635].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8304: initializer element for `gTrainers[635]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8304: initializer element for `gTrainers[635]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8304: initializer element for `gTrainers[635]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8304: initializer element for `gTrainers[635]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8311: initializer element for `gTrainers[636].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8312: initializer element for `gTrainers[636].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8316: initializer element for `gTrainers[636].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8317: initializer element for `gTrainers[636]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8317: initializer element for `gTrainers[636]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8317: initializer element for `gTrainers[636]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8317: initializer element for `gTrainers[636]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8324: initializer element for `gTrainers[637].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8325: initializer element for `gTrainers[637].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8329: initializer element for `gTrainers[637].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8330: initializer element for `gTrainers[637]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8330: initializer element for `gTrainers[637]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8330: initializer element for `gTrainers[637]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8330: initializer element for `gTrainers[637]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8337: initializer element for `gTrainers[638].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8338: initializer element for `gTrainers[638].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8342: initializer element for `gTrainers[638].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8343: initializer element for `gTrainers[638]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8343: initializer element for `gTrainers[638]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8343: initializer element for `gTrainers[638]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8343: initializer element for `gTrainers[638]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8350: initializer element for `gTrainers[639].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8351: initializer element for `gTrainers[639].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8355: initializer element for `gTrainers[639].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8356: initializer element for `gTrainers[639]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8356: initializer element for `gTrainers[639]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8356: initializer element for `gTrainers[639]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8356: initializer element for `gTrainers[639]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8363: initializer element for `gTrainers[640].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8364: initializer element for `gTrainers[640].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8368: initializer element for `gTrainers[640].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8369: initializer element for `gTrainers[640]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8369: initializer element for `gTrainers[640]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8369: initializer element for `gTrainers[640]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8369: initializer element for `gTrainers[640]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8376: initializer element for `gTrainers[641].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8377: initializer element for `gTrainers[641].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8381: initializer element for `gTrainers[641].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8382: initializer element for `gTrainers[641]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8382: initializer element for `gTrainers[641]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8382: initializer element for `gTrainers[641]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8382: initializer element for `gTrainers[641]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8389: initializer element for `gTrainers[642].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8390: initializer element for `gTrainers[642].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8394: initializer element for `gTrainers[642].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8395: initializer element for `gTrainers[642]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8395: initializer element for `gTrainers[642]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8395: initializer element for `gTrainers[642]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8395: initializer element for `gTrainers[642]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8402: initializer element for `gTrainers[643].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8403: initializer element for `gTrainers[643].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8407: initializer element for `gTrainers[643].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8408: initializer element for `gTrainers[643]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8408: initializer element for `gTrainers[643]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8408: initializer element for `gTrainers[643]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8408: initializer element for `gTrainers[643]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8415: initializer element for `gTrainers[644].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8416: initializer element for `gTrainers[644].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8420: initializer element for `gTrainers[644].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8421: initializer element for `gTrainers[644]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8421: initializer element for `gTrainers[644]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8421: initializer element for `gTrainers[644]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8421: initializer element for `gTrainers[644]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8428: initializer element for `gTrainers[645].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8429: initializer element for `gTrainers[645].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8433: initializer element for `gTrainers[645].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8434: initializer element for `gTrainers[645]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8434: initializer element for `gTrainers[645]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8434: initializer element for `gTrainers[645]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8434: initializer element for `gTrainers[645]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8441: initializer element for `gTrainers[646].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8442: initializer element for `gTrainers[646].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8446: initializer element for `gTrainers[646].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8447: initializer element for `gTrainers[646]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8447: initializer element for `gTrainers[646]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8447: initializer element for `gTrainers[646]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8447: initializer element for `gTrainers[646]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8454: initializer element for `gTrainers[647].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8455: initializer element for `gTrainers[647].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8459: initializer element for `gTrainers[647].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8460: initializer element for `gTrainers[647]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8460: initializer element for `gTrainers[647]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8460: initializer element for `gTrainers[647]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8460: initializer element for `gTrainers[647]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8467: initializer element for `gTrainers[648].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8468: initializer element for `gTrainers[648].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8472: initializer element for `gTrainers[648].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8473: initializer element for `gTrainers[648]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8473: initializer element for `gTrainers[648]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8473: initializer element for `gTrainers[648]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8473: initializer element for `gTrainers[648]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8480: initializer element for `gTrainers[649].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8481: initializer element for `gTrainers[649].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8485: initializer element for `gTrainers[649].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8486: initializer element for `gTrainers[649]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8486: initializer element for `gTrainers[649]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8486: initializer element for `gTrainers[649]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8486: initializer element for `gTrainers[649]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8493: initializer element for `gTrainers[650].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8494: initializer element for `gTrainers[650].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8498: initializer element for `gTrainers[650].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8499: initializer element for `gTrainers[650]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8499: initializer element for `gTrainers[650]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8499: initializer element for `gTrainers[650]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8499: initializer element for `gTrainers[650]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8506: initializer element for `gTrainers[651].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8507: initializer element for `gTrainers[651].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8511: initializer element for `gTrainers[651].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8512: initializer element for `gTrainers[651]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8512: initializer element for `gTrainers[651]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8512: initializer element for `gTrainers[651]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8512: initializer element for `gTrainers[651]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8519: initializer element for `gTrainers[652].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8520: initializer element for `gTrainers[652].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8524: initializer element for `gTrainers[652].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8525: initializer element for `gTrainers[652]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8525: initializer element for `gTrainers[652]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8525: initializer element for `gTrainers[652]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8525: initializer element for `gTrainers[652]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8532: initializer element for `gTrainers[653].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8533: initializer element for `gTrainers[653].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8537: initializer element for `gTrainers[653].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8538: initializer element for `gTrainers[653]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8538: initializer element for `gTrainers[653]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8538: initializer element for `gTrainers[653]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8538: initializer element for `gTrainers[653]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8545: initializer element for `gTrainers[654].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8546: initializer element for `gTrainers[654].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8550: initializer element for `gTrainers[654].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8551: initializer element for `gTrainers[654]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8551: initializer element for `gTrainers[654]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8551: initializer element for `gTrainers[654]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8551: initializer element for `gTrainers[654]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8558: initializer element for `gTrainers[655].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8559: initializer element for `gTrainers[655].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8563: initializer element for `gTrainers[655].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8564: initializer element for `gTrainers[655]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8564: initializer element for `gTrainers[655]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8564: initializer element for `gTrainers[655]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8564: initializer element for `gTrainers[655]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8571: initializer element for `gTrainers[656].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8572: initializer element for `gTrainers[656].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8576: initializer element for `gTrainers[656].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8577: initializer element for `gTrainers[656]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8577: initializer element for `gTrainers[656]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8577: initializer element for `gTrainers[656]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8577: initializer element for `gTrainers[656]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8584: initializer element for `gTrainers[657].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8585: initializer element for `gTrainers[657].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8589: initializer element for `gTrainers[657].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8590: initializer element for `gTrainers[657]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8590: initializer element for `gTrainers[657]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8590: initializer element for `gTrainers[657]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8590: initializer element for `gTrainers[657]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8597: initializer element for `gTrainers[658].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8598: initializer element for `gTrainers[658].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8602: initializer element for `gTrainers[658].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8603: initializer element for `gTrainers[658]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8603: initializer element for `gTrainers[658]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8603: initializer element for `gTrainers[658]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8603: initializer element for `gTrainers[658]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8610: initializer element for `gTrainers[659].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8611: initializer element for `gTrainers[659].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8615: initializer element for `gTrainers[659].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8616: initializer element for `gTrainers[659]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8616: initializer element for `gTrainers[659]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8616: initializer element for `gTrainers[659]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8616: initializer element for `gTrainers[659]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8623: initializer element for `gTrainers[660].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8624: initializer element for `gTrainers[660].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8628: initializer element for `gTrainers[660].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8629: initializer element for `gTrainers[660]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8629: initializer element for `gTrainers[660]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8629: initializer element for `gTrainers[660]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8629: initializer element for `gTrainers[660]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8636: initializer element for `gTrainers[661].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8637: initializer element for `gTrainers[661].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8641: initializer element for `gTrainers[661].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8642: initializer element for `gTrainers[661]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8642: initializer element for `gTrainers[661]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8642: initializer element for `gTrainers[661]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8642: initializer element for `gTrainers[661]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8649: initializer element for `gTrainers[662].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8650: initializer element for `gTrainers[662].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8654: initializer element for `gTrainers[662].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8655: initializer element for `gTrainers[662]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8655: initializer element for `gTrainers[662]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8655: initializer element for `gTrainers[662]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8655: initializer element for `gTrainers[662]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8662: initializer element for `gTrainers[663].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8663: initializer element for `gTrainers[663].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8667: initializer element for `gTrainers[663].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8668: initializer element for `gTrainers[663]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8668: initializer element for `gTrainers[663]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8668: initializer element for `gTrainers[663]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8668: initializer element for `gTrainers[663]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8675: initializer element for `gTrainers[664].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8676: initializer element for `gTrainers[664].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8680: initializer element for `gTrainers[664].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8681: initializer element for `gTrainers[664]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8681: initializer element for `gTrainers[664]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8681: initializer element for `gTrainers[664]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8681: initializer element for `gTrainers[664]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8688: initializer element for `gTrainers[665].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8689: initializer element for `gTrainers[665].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8693: initializer element for `gTrainers[665].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8694: initializer element for `gTrainers[665]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8694: initializer element for `gTrainers[665]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8694: initializer element for `gTrainers[665]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8694: initializer element for `gTrainers[665]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8701: initializer element for `gTrainers[666].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8702: initializer element for `gTrainers[666].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8706: initializer element for `gTrainers[666].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8707: initializer element for `gTrainers[666]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8707: initializer element for `gTrainers[666]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8707: initializer element for `gTrainers[666]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8707: initializer element for `gTrainers[666]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8714: initializer element for `gTrainers[667].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8715: initializer element for `gTrainers[667].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8719: initializer element for `gTrainers[667].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8720: initializer element for `gTrainers[667]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8720: initializer element for `gTrainers[667]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8720: initializer element for `gTrainers[667]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8720: initializer element for `gTrainers[667]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8727: initializer element for `gTrainers[668].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8728: initializer element for `gTrainers[668].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8732: initializer element for `gTrainers[668].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8733: initializer element for `gTrainers[668]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8733: initializer element for `gTrainers[668]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8733: initializer element for `gTrainers[668]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8733: initializer element for `gTrainers[668]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8740: initializer element for `gTrainers[669].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8741: initializer element for `gTrainers[669].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8745: initializer element for `gTrainers[669].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8746: initializer element for `gTrainers[669]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8746: initializer element for `gTrainers[669]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8746: initializer element for `gTrainers[669]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8746: initializer element for `gTrainers[669]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8753: initializer element for `gTrainers[670].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8754: initializer element for `gTrainers[670].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8758: initializer element for `gTrainers[670].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8759: initializer element for `gTrainers[670]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8759: initializer element for `gTrainers[670]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8759: initializer element for `gTrainers[670]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8759: initializer element for `gTrainers[670]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8766: initializer element for `gTrainers[671].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8767: initializer element for `gTrainers[671].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8771: initializer element for `gTrainers[671].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8772: initializer element for `gTrainers[671]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8772: initializer element for `gTrainers[671]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8772: initializer element for `gTrainers[671]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8772: initializer element for `gTrainers[671]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8779: initializer element for `gTrainers[672].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8780: initializer element for `gTrainers[672].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8784: initializer element for `gTrainers[672].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8785: initializer element for `gTrainers[672]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8785: initializer element for `gTrainers[672]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8785: initializer element for `gTrainers[672]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8785: initializer element for `gTrainers[672]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8792: initializer element for `gTrainers[673].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8793: initializer element for `gTrainers[673].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8797: initializer element for `gTrainers[673].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8798: initializer element for `gTrainers[673]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8798: initializer element for `gTrainers[673]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8798: initializer element for `gTrainers[673]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8798: initializer element for `gTrainers[673]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8805: initializer element for `gTrainers[674].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8806: initializer element for `gTrainers[674].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8810: initializer element for `gTrainers[674].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8811: initializer element for `gTrainers[674]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8811: initializer element for `gTrainers[674]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8811: initializer element for `gTrainers[674]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8811: initializer element for `gTrainers[674]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8818: initializer element for `gTrainers[675].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8819: initializer element for `gTrainers[675].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8823: initializer element for `gTrainers[675].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8824: initializer element for `gTrainers[675]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8824: initializer element for `gTrainers[675]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8824: initializer element for `gTrainers[675]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8824: initializer element for `gTrainers[675]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8831: initializer element for `gTrainers[676].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8832: initializer element for `gTrainers[676].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8836: initializer element for `gTrainers[676].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8837: initializer element for `gTrainers[676]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8837: initializer element for `gTrainers[676]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8837: initializer element for `gTrainers[676]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8837: initializer element for `gTrainers[676]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8844: initializer element for `gTrainers[677].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8845: initializer element for `gTrainers[677].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8849: initializer element for `gTrainers[677].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8850: initializer element for `gTrainers[677]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8850: initializer element for `gTrainers[677]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8850: initializer element for `gTrainers[677]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8850: initializer element for `gTrainers[677]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8857: initializer element for `gTrainers[678].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8858: initializer element for `gTrainers[678].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8862: initializer element for `gTrainers[678].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8863: initializer element for `gTrainers[678]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8863: initializer element for `gTrainers[678]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8863: initializer element for `gTrainers[678]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8863: initializer element for `gTrainers[678]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8870: initializer element for `gTrainers[679].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8871: initializer element for `gTrainers[679].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8875: initializer element for `gTrainers[679].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8876: initializer element for `gTrainers[679]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8876: initializer element for `gTrainers[679]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8876: initializer element for `gTrainers[679]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8876: initializer element for `gTrainers[679]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8883: initializer element for `gTrainers[680].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8884: initializer element for `gTrainers[680].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8888: initializer element for `gTrainers[680].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8889: initializer element for `gTrainers[680]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8889: initializer element for `gTrainers[680]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8889: initializer element for `gTrainers[680]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8889: initializer element for `gTrainers[680]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8896: initializer element for `gTrainers[681].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8897: initializer element for `gTrainers[681].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8901: initializer element for `gTrainers[681].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8902: initializer element for `gTrainers[681]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8902: initializer element for `gTrainers[681]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8902: initializer element for `gTrainers[681]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8902: initializer element for `gTrainers[681]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8909: initializer element for `gTrainers[682].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8910: initializer element for `gTrainers[682].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8914: initializer element for `gTrainers[682].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8915: initializer element for `gTrainers[682]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8915: initializer element for `gTrainers[682]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8915: initializer element for `gTrainers[682]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8915: initializer element for `gTrainers[682]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8922: initializer element for `gTrainers[683].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8923: initializer element for `gTrainers[683].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8927: initializer element for `gTrainers[683].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8928: initializer element for `gTrainers[683]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8928: initializer element for `gTrainers[683]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8928: initializer element for `gTrainers[683]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8928: initializer element for `gTrainers[683]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8935: initializer element for `gTrainers[684].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8936: initializer element for `gTrainers[684].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8940: initializer element for `gTrainers[684].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8941: initializer element for `gTrainers[684]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8941: initializer element for `gTrainers[684]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8941: initializer element for `gTrainers[684]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8941: initializer element for `gTrainers[684]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8948: initializer element for `gTrainers[685].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8949: initializer element for `gTrainers[685].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8953: initializer element for `gTrainers[685].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8954: initializer element for `gTrainers[685]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8954: initializer element for `gTrainers[685]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8954: initializer element for `gTrainers[685]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8954: initializer element for `gTrainers[685]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8961: initializer element for `gTrainers[686].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8962: initializer element for `gTrainers[686].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8966: initializer element for `gTrainers[686].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8967: initializer element for `gTrainers[686]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8967: initializer element for `gTrainers[686]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8967: initializer element for `gTrainers[686]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8967: initializer element for `gTrainers[686]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8974: initializer element for `gTrainers[687].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8975: initializer element for `gTrainers[687].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8979: initializer element for `gTrainers[687].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8980: initializer element for `gTrainers[687]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8980: initializer element for `gTrainers[687]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8980: initializer element for `gTrainers[687]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8980: initializer element for `gTrainers[687]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8987: initializer element for `gTrainers[688].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8988: initializer element for `gTrainers[688].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8992: initializer element for `gTrainers[688].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8993: initializer element for `gTrainers[688]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8993: initializer element for `gTrainers[688]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8993: initializer element for `gTrainers[688]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:8993: initializer element for `gTrainers[688]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9000: initializer element for `gTrainers[689].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9001: initializer element for `gTrainers[689].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9005: initializer element for `gTrainers[689].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9006: initializer element for `gTrainers[689]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9006: initializer element for `gTrainers[689]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9006: initializer element for `gTrainers[689]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9006: initializer element for `gTrainers[689]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9013: initializer element for `gTrainers[690].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9014: initializer element for `gTrainers[690].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9018: initializer element for `gTrainers[690].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9019: initializer element for `gTrainers[690]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9019: initializer element for `gTrainers[690]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9019: initializer element for `gTrainers[690]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9019: initializer element for `gTrainers[690]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9026: initializer element for `gTrainers[691].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9027: initializer element for `gTrainers[691].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9031: initializer element for `gTrainers[691].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9032: initializer element for `gTrainers[691]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9032: initializer element for `gTrainers[691]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9032: initializer element for `gTrainers[691]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9032: initializer element for `gTrainers[691]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9039: initializer element for `gTrainers[692].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9040: initializer element for `gTrainers[692].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9044: initializer element for `gTrainers[692].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9045: initializer element for `gTrainers[692]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9045: initializer element for `gTrainers[692]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9045: initializer element for `gTrainers[692]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9045: initializer element for `gTrainers[692]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9052: initializer element for `gTrainers[693].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9053: initializer element for `gTrainers[693].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9057: initializer element for `gTrainers[693].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9058: initializer element for `gTrainers[693]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9058: initializer element for `gTrainers[693]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9058: initializer element for `gTrainers[693]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9058: initializer element for `gTrainers[693]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9065: initializer element for `gTrainers[694].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9066: initializer element for `gTrainers[694].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9070: initializer element for `gTrainers[694].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9071: initializer element for `gTrainers[694]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9071: initializer element for `gTrainers[694]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9071: initializer element for `gTrainers[694]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9071: initializer element for `gTrainers[694]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9078: initializer element for `gTrainers[695].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9079: initializer element for `gTrainers[695].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9083: initializer element for `gTrainers[695].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9084: initializer element for `gTrainers[695]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9084: initializer element for `gTrainers[695]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9084: initializer element for `gTrainers[695]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9084: initializer element for `gTrainers[695]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9091: initializer element for `gTrainers[696].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9092: initializer element for `gTrainers[696].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9096: initializer element for `gTrainers[696].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9097: initializer element for `gTrainers[696]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9097: initializer element for `gTrainers[696]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9097: initializer element for `gTrainers[696]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9097: initializer element for `gTrainers[696]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9104: initializer element for `gTrainers[697].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9105: initializer element for `gTrainers[697].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9109: initializer element for `gTrainers[697].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9110: initializer element for `gTrainers[697]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9110: initializer element for `gTrainers[697]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9110: initializer element for `gTrainers[697]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9110: initializer element for `gTrainers[697]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9117: initializer element for `gTrainers[698].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9118: initializer element for `gTrainers[698].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9122: initializer element for `gTrainers[698].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9123: initializer element for `gTrainers[698]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9123: initializer element for `gTrainers[698]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9123: initializer element for `gTrainers[698]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9123: initializer element for `gTrainers[698]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9130: initializer element for `gTrainers[699].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9131: initializer element for `gTrainers[699].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9135: initializer element for `gTrainers[699].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9136: initializer element for `gTrainers[699]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9136: initializer element for `gTrainers[699]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9136: initializer element for `gTrainers[699]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9136: initializer element for `gTrainers[699]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9143: initializer element for `gTrainers[700].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9144: initializer element for `gTrainers[700].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9148: initializer element for `gTrainers[700].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9149: initializer element for `gTrainers[700]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9149: initializer element for `gTrainers[700]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9149: initializer element for `gTrainers[700]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9149: initializer element for `gTrainers[700]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9156: initializer element for `gTrainers[701].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9157: initializer element for `gTrainers[701].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9161: initializer element for `gTrainers[701].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9162: initializer element for `gTrainers[701]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9162: initializer element for `gTrainers[701]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9162: initializer element for `gTrainers[701]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9162: initializer element for `gTrainers[701]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9169: initializer element for `gTrainers[702].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9170: initializer element for `gTrainers[702].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9174: initializer element for `gTrainers[702].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9175: initializer element for `gTrainers[702]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9175: initializer element for `gTrainers[702]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9175: initializer element for `gTrainers[702]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9175: initializer element for `gTrainers[702]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9182: initializer element for `gTrainers[703].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9183: initializer element for `gTrainers[703].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9187: initializer element for `gTrainers[703].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9188: initializer element for `gTrainers[703]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9188: initializer element for `gTrainers[703]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9188: initializer element for `gTrainers[703]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9188: initializer element for `gTrainers[703]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9195: initializer element for `gTrainers[704].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9196: initializer element for `gTrainers[704].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9200: initializer element for `gTrainers[704].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9201: initializer element for `gTrainers[704]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9201: initializer element for `gTrainers[704]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9201: initializer element for `gTrainers[704]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9201: initializer element for `gTrainers[704]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9208: initializer element for `gTrainers[705].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9209: initializer element for `gTrainers[705].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9213: initializer element for `gTrainers[705].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9214: initializer element for `gTrainers[705]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9214: initializer element for `gTrainers[705]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9214: initializer element for `gTrainers[705]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9214: initializer element for `gTrainers[705]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9221: initializer element for `gTrainers[706].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9222: initializer element for `gTrainers[706].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9226: initializer element for `gTrainers[706].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9227: initializer element for `gTrainers[706]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9227: initializer element for `gTrainers[706]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9227: initializer element for `gTrainers[706]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9227: initializer element for `gTrainers[706]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9234: initializer element for `gTrainers[707].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9235: initializer element for `gTrainers[707].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9239: initializer element for `gTrainers[707].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9240: initializer element for `gTrainers[707]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9240: initializer element for `gTrainers[707]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9240: initializer element for `gTrainers[707]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9240: initializer element for `gTrainers[707]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9247: initializer element for `gTrainers[708].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9248: initializer element for `gTrainers[708].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9252: initializer element for `gTrainers[708].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9253: initializer element for `gTrainers[708]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9253: initializer element for `gTrainers[708]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9253: initializer element for `gTrainers[708]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9253: initializer element for `gTrainers[708]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9260: initializer element for `gTrainers[709].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9261: initializer element for `gTrainers[709].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9265: initializer element for `gTrainers[709].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9266: initializer element for `gTrainers[709]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9266: initializer element for `gTrainers[709]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9266: initializer element for `gTrainers[709]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9266: initializer element for `gTrainers[709]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9273: initializer element for `gTrainers[710].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9274: initializer element for `gTrainers[710].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9278: initializer element for `gTrainers[710].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9279: initializer element for `gTrainers[710]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9279: initializer element for `gTrainers[710]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9279: initializer element for `gTrainers[710]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9279: initializer element for `gTrainers[710]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9286: initializer element for `gTrainers[711].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9287: initializer element for `gTrainers[711].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9291: initializer element for `gTrainers[711].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9292: initializer element for `gTrainers[711]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9292: initializer element for `gTrainers[711]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9292: initializer element for `gTrainers[711]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9292: initializer element for `gTrainers[711]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9299: initializer element for `gTrainers[712].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9300: initializer element for `gTrainers[712].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9304: initializer element for `gTrainers[712].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9305: initializer element for `gTrainers[712]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9305: initializer element for `gTrainers[712]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9305: initializer element for `gTrainers[712]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9305: initializer element for `gTrainers[712]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9312: initializer element for `gTrainers[713].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9313: initializer element for `gTrainers[713].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9317: initializer element for `gTrainers[713].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9318: initializer element for `gTrainers[713]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9318: initializer element for `gTrainers[713]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9318: initializer element for `gTrainers[713]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9318: initializer element for `gTrainers[713]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9325: initializer element for `gTrainers[714].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9326: initializer element for `gTrainers[714].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9330: initializer element for `gTrainers[714].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9331: initializer element for `gTrainers[714]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9331: initializer element for `gTrainers[714]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9331: initializer element for `gTrainers[714]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9331: initializer element for `gTrainers[714]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9338: initializer element for `gTrainers[715].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9339: initializer element for `gTrainers[715].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9343: initializer element for `gTrainers[715].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9344: initializer element for `gTrainers[715]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9344: initializer element for `gTrainers[715]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9344: initializer element for `gTrainers[715]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9344: initializer element for `gTrainers[715]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9351: initializer element for `gTrainers[716].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9352: initializer element for `gTrainers[716].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9356: initializer element for `gTrainers[716].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9357: initializer element for `gTrainers[716]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9357: initializer element for `gTrainers[716]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9357: initializer element for `gTrainers[716]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9357: initializer element for `gTrainers[716]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9364: initializer element for `gTrainers[717].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9365: initializer element for `gTrainers[717].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9369: initializer element for `gTrainers[717].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9370: initializer element for `gTrainers[717]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9370: initializer element for `gTrainers[717]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9370: initializer element for `gTrainers[717]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9370: initializer element for `gTrainers[717]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9377: initializer element for `gTrainers[718].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9378: initializer element for `gTrainers[718].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9382: initializer element for `gTrainers[718].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9383: initializer element for `gTrainers[718]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9383: initializer element for `gTrainers[718]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9383: initializer element for `gTrainers[718]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9383: initializer element for `gTrainers[718]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9390: initializer element for `gTrainers[719].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9391: initializer element for `gTrainers[719].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9395: initializer element for `gTrainers[719].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9396: initializer element for `gTrainers[719]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9396: initializer element for `gTrainers[719]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9396: initializer element for `gTrainers[719]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9396: initializer element for `gTrainers[719]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9403: initializer element for `gTrainers[720].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9404: initializer element for `gTrainers[720].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9408: initializer element for `gTrainers[720].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9409: initializer element for `gTrainers[720]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9409: initializer element for `gTrainers[720]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9409: initializer element for `gTrainers[720]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9409: initializer element for `gTrainers[720]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9416: initializer element for `gTrainers[721].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9417: initializer element for `gTrainers[721].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9421: initializer element for `gTrainers[721].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9422: initializer element for `gTrainers[721]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9422: initializer element for `gTrainers[721]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9422: initializer element for `gTrainers[721]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9422: initializer element for `gTrainers[721]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9429: initializer element for `gTrainers[722].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9430: initializer element for `gTrainers[722].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9434: initializer element for `gTrainers[722].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9435: initializer element for `gTrainers[722]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9435: initializer element for `gTrainers[722]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9435: initializer element for `gTrainers[722]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9435: initializer element for `gTrainers[722]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9442: initializer element for `gTrainers[723].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9443: initializer element for `gTrainers[723].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9447: initializer element for `gTrainers[723].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9448: initializer element for `gTrainers[723]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9448: initializer element for `gTrainers[723]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9448: initializer element for `gTrainers[723]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9448: initializer element for `gTrainers[723]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9455: initializer element for `gTrainers[724].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9456: initializer element for `gTrainers[724].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9460: initializer element for `gTrainers[724].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9461: initializer element for `gTrainers[724]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9461: initializer element for `gTrainers[724]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9461: initializer element for `gTrainers[724]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9461: initializer element for `gTrainers[724]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9468: initializer element for `gTrainers[725].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9469: initializer element for `gTrainers[725].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9473: initializer element for `gTrainers[725].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9474: initializer element for `gTrainers[725]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9474: initializer element for `gTrainers[725]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9474: initializer element for `gTrainers[725]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9474: initializer element for `gTrainers[725]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9481: initializer element for `gTrainers[726].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9482: initializer element for `gTrainers[726].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9486: initializer element for `gTrainers[726].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9487: initializer element for `gTrainers[726]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9487: initializer element for `gTrainers[726]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9487: initializer element for `gTrainers[726]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9487: initializer element for `gTrainers[726]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9494: initializer element for `gTrainers[727].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9495: initializer element for `gTrainers[727].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9499: initializer element for `gTrainers[727].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9500: initializer element for `gTrainers[727]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9500: initializer element for `gTrainers[727]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9500: initializer element for `gTrainers[727]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9500: initializer element for `gTrainers[727]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9507: initializer element for `gTrainers[728].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9508: initializer element for `gTrainers[728].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9512: initializer element for `gTrainers[728].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9513: initializer element for `gTrainers[728]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9513: initializer element for `gTrainers[728]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9513: initializer element for `gTrainers[728]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9513: initializer element for `gTrainers[728]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9520: initializer element for `gTrainers[729].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9521: initializer element for `gTrainers[729].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9525: initializer element for `gTrainers[729].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9526: initializer element for `gTrainers[729]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9526: initializer element for `gTrainers[729]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9526: initializer element for `gTrainers[729]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9526: initializer element for `gTrainers[729]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9533: initializer element for `gTrainers[730].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9534: initializer element for `gTrainers[730].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9538: initializer element for `gTrainers[730].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9539: initializer element for `gTrainers[730]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9539: initializer element for `gTrainers[730]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9539: initializer element for `gTrainers[730]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9539: initializer element for `gTrainers[730]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9546: initializer element for `gTrainers[731].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9547: initializer element for `gTrainers[731].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9551: initializer element for `gTrainers[731].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9552: initializer element for `gTrainers[731]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9552: initializer element for `gTrainers[731]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9552: initializer element for `gTrainers[731]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9552: initializer element for `gTrainers[731]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9559: initializer element for `gTrainers[732].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9560: initializer element for `gTrainers[732].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9564: initializer element for `gTrainers[732].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9565: initializer element for `gTrainers[732]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9565: initializer element for `gTrainers[732]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9565: initializer element for `gTrainers[732]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9565: initializer element for `gTrainers[732]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9572: initializer element for `gTrainers[733].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9573: initializer element for `gTrainers[733].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9577: initializer element for `gTrainers[733].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9578: initializer element for `gTrainers[733]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9578: initializer element for `gTrainers[733]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9578: initializer element for `gTrainers[733]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9578: initializer element for `gTrainers[733]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9585: initializer element for `gTrainers[734].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9586: initializer element for `gTrainers[734].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9590: initializer element for `gTrainers[734].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9591: initializer element for `gTrainers[734]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9591: initializer element for `gTrainers[734]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9591: initializer element for `gTrainers[734]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9591: initializer element for `gTrainers[734]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9598: initializer element for `gTrainers[735].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9599: initializer element for `gTrainers[735].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9603: initializer element for `gTrainers[735].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9604: initializer element for `gTrainers[735]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9604: initializer element for `gTrainers[735]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9604: initializer element for `gTrainers[735]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9604: initializer element for `gTrainers[735]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9611: initializer element for `gTrainers[736].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9612: initializer element for `gTrainers[736].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9616: initializer element for `gTrainers[736].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9617: initializer element for `gTrainers[736]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9617: initializer element for `gTrainers[736]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9617: initializer element for `gTrainers[736]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9617: initializer element for `gTrainers[736]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9624: initializer element for `gTrainers[737].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9625: initializer element for `gTrainers[737].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9629: initializer element for `gTrainers[737].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9630: initializer element for `gTrainers[737]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9630: initializer element for `gTrainers[737]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9630: initializer element for `gTrainers[737]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9630: initializer element for `gTrainers[737]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9637: initializer element for `gTrainers[738].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9638: initializer element for `gTrainers[738].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9642: initializer element for `gTrainers[738].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9643: initializer element for `gTrainers[738]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9643: initializer element for `gTrainers[738]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9643: initializer element for `gTrainers[738]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9643: initializer element for `gTrainers[738]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9650: initializer element for `gTrainers[739].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9651: initializer element for `gTrainers[739].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9655: initializer element for `gTrainers[739].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9656: initializer element for `gTrainers[739]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9656: initializer element for `gTrainers[739]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9656: initializer element for `gTrainers[739]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9656: initializer element for `gTrainers[739]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9663: initializer element for `gTrainers[740].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9664: initializer element for `gTrainers[740].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9668: initializer element for `gTrainers[740].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9669: initializer element for `gTrainers[740]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9669: initializer element for `gTrainers[740]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9669: initializer element for `gTrainers[740]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9669: initializer element for `gTrainers[740]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9676: initializer element for `gTrainers[741].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9677: initializer element for `gTrainers[741].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9681: initializer element for `gTrainers[741].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9682: initializer element for `gTrainers[741]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9682: initializer element for `gTrainers[741]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9682: initializer element for `gTrainers[741]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9682: initializer element for `gTrainers[741]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9689: initializer element for `gTrainers[742].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9690: initializer element for `gTrainers[742].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9694: initializer element for `gTrainers[742].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9695: initializer element for `gTrainers[742]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9695: initializer element for `gTrainers[742]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9695: initializer element for `gTrainers[742]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9695: initializer element for `gTrainers[742]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9702: initializer element for `gTrainers[743].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9703: initializer element for `gTrainers[743].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9707: initializer element for `gTrainers[743].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9708: initializer element for `gTrainers[743]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9708: initializer element for `gTrainers[743]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9708: initializer element for `gTrainers[743]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9708: initializer element for `gTrainers[743]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9715: initializer element for `gTrainers[744].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9716: initializer element for `gTrainers[744].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9720: initializer element for `gTrainers[744].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9721: initializer element for `gTrainers[744]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9721: initializer element for `gTrainers[744]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9721: initializer element for `gTrainers[744]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9721: initializer element for `gTrainers[744]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9728: initializer element for `gTrainers[745].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9729: initializer element for `gTrainers[745].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9733: initializer element for `gTrainers[745].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9734: initializer element for `gTrainers[745]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9734: initializer element for `gTrainers[745]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9734: initializer element for `gTrainers[745]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9734: initializer element for `gTrainers[745]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9741: initializer element for `gTrainers[746].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9742: initializer element for `gTrainers[746].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9746: initializer element for `gTrainers[746].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9747: initializer element for `gTrainers[746]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9747: initializer element for `gTrainers[746]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9747: initializer element for `gTrainers[746]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9747: initializer element for `gTrainers[746]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9754: initializer element for `gTrainers[747].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9755: initializer element for `gTrainers[747].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9759: initializer element for `gTrainers[747].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9760: initializer element for `gTrainers[747]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9760: initializer element for `gTrainers[747]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9760: initializer element for `gTrainers[747]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9760: initializer element for `gTrainers[747]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9767: initializer element for `gTrainers[748].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9768: initializer element for `gTrainers[748].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9772: initializer element for `gTrainers[748].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9773: initializer element for `gTrainers[748]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9773: initializer element for `gTrainers[748]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9773: initializer element for `gTrainers[748]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9773: initializer element for `gTrainers[748]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9780: initializer element for `gTrainers[749].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9781: initializer element for `gTrainers[749].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9785: initializer element for `gTrainers[749].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9786: initializer element for `gTrainers[749]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9786: initializer element for `gTrainers[749]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9786: initializer element for `gTrainers[749]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9786: initializer element for `gTrainers[749]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9793: initializer element for `gTrainers[750].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9794: initializer element for `gTrainers[750].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9798: initializer element for `gTrainers[750].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9799: initializer element for `gTrainers[750]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9799: initializer element for `gTrainers[750]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9799: initializer element for `gTrainers[750]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9799: initializer element for `gTrainers[750]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9806: initializer element for `gTrainers[751].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9807: initializer element for `gTrainers[751].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9811: initializer element for `gTrainers[751].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9812: initializer element for `gTrainers[751]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9812: initializer element for `gTrainers[751]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9812: initializer element for `gTrainers[751]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9812: initializer element for `gTrainers[751]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9819: initializer element for `gTrainers[752].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9820: initializer element for `gTrainers[752].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9824: initializer element for `gTrainers[752].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9825: initializer element for `gTrainers[752]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9825: initializer element for `gTrainers[752]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9825: initializer element for `gTrainers[752]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9825: initializer element for `gTrainers[752]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9832: initializer element for `gTrainers[753].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9833: initializer element for `gTrainers[753].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9837: initializer element for `gTrainers[753].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9838: initializer element for `gTrainers[753]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9838: initializer element for `gTrainers[753]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9838: initializer element for `gTrainers[753]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9838: initializer element for `gTrainers[753]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9845: initializer element for `gTrainers[754].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9846: initializer element for `gTrainers[754].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9850: initializer element for `gTrainers[754].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9851: initializer element for `gTrainers[754]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9851: initializer element for `gTrainers[754]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9851: initializer element for `gTrainers[754]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9851: initializer element for `gTrainers[754]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9858: initializer element for `gTrainers[755].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9859: initializer element for `gTrainers[755].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9863: initializer element for `gTrainers[755].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9864: initializer element for `gTrainers[755]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9864: initializer element for `gTrainers[755]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9864: initializer element for `gTrainers[755]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9864: initializer element for `gTrainers[755]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9871: initializer element for `gTrainers[756].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9872: initializer element for `gTrainers[756].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9876: initializer element for `gTrainers[756].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9877: initializer element for `gTrainers[756]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9877: initializer element for `gTrainers[756]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9877: initializer element for `gTrainers[756]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9877: initializer element for `gTrainers[756]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9884: initializer element for `gTrainers[757].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9885: initializer element for `gTrainers[757].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9889: initializer element for `gTrainers[757].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9890: initializer element for `gTrainers[757]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9890: initializer element for `gTrainers[757]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9890: initializer element for `gTrainers[757]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9890: initializer element for `gTrainers[757]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9897: initializer element for `gTrainers[758].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9898: initializer element for `gTrainers[758].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9902: initializer element for `gTrainers[758].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9903: initializer element for `gTrainers[758]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9903: initializer element for `gTrainers[758]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9903: initializer element for `gTrainers[758]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9903: initializer element for `gTrainers[758]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9910: initializer element for `gTrainers[759].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9911: initializer element for `gTrainers[759].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9915: initializer element for `gTrainers[759].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9916: initializer element for `gTrainers[759]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9916: initializer element for `gTrainers[759]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9916: initializer element for `gTrainers[759]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9916: initializer element for `gTrainers[759]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9923: initializer element for `gTrainers[760].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9924: initializer element for `gTrainers[760].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9928: initializer element for `gTrainers[760].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9929: initializer element for `gTrainers[760]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9929: initializer element for `gTrainers[760]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9929: initializer element for `gTrainers[760]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9929: initializer element for `gTrainers[760]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9936: initializer element for `gTrainers[761].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9937: initializer element for `gTrainers[761].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9941: initializer element for `gTrainers[761].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9942: initializer element for `gTrainers[761]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9942: initializer element for `gTrainers[761]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9942: initializer element for `gTrainers[761]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9942: initializer element for `gTrainers[761]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9949: initializer element for `gTrainers[762].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9950: initializer element for `gTrainers[762].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9954: initializer element for `gTrainers[762].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9955: initializer element for `gTrainers[762]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9955: initializer element for `gTrainers[762]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9955: initializer element for `gTrainers[762]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9955: initializer element for `gTrainers[762]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9962: initializer element for `gTrainers[763].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9963: initializer element for `gTrainers[763].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9967: initializer element for `gTrainers[763].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9968: initializer element for `gTrainers[763]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9968: initializer element for `gTrainers[763]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9968: initializer element for `gTrainers[763]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9968: initializer element for `gTrainers[763]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9975: initializer element for `gTrainers[764].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9976: initializer element for `gTrainers[764].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9980: initializer element for `gTrainers[764].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9981: initializer element for `gTrainers[764]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9981: initializer element for `gTrainers[764]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9981: initializer element for `gTrainers[764]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9981: initializer element for `gTrainers[764]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9988: initializer element for `gTrainers[765].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9989: initializer element for `gTrainers[765].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9993: initializer element for `gTrainers[765].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9994: initializer element for `gTrainers[765]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9994: initializer element for `gTrainers[765]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9994: initializer element for `gTrainers[765]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:9994: initializer element for `gTrainers[765]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10001: initializer element for `gTrainers[766].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10002: initializer element for `gTrainers[766].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10006: initializer element for `gTrainers[766].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10007: initializer element for `gTrainers[766]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10007: initializer element for `gTrainers[766]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10007: initializer element for `gTrainers[766]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10007: initializer element for `gTrainers[766]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10014: initializer element for `gTrainers[767].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10015: initializer element for `gTrainers[767].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10019: initializer element for `gTrainers[767].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10020: initializer element for `gTrainers[767]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10020: initializer element for `gTrainers[767]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10020: initializer element for `gTrainers[767]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10020: initializer element for `gTrainers[767]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10027: initializer element for `gTrainers[768].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10028: initializer element for `gTrainers[768].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10032: initializer element for `gTrainers[768].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10033: initializer element for `gTrainers[768]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10033: initializer element for `gTrainers[768]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10033: initializer element for `gTrainers[768]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10033: initializer element for `gTrainers[768]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10040: initializer element for `gTrainers[769].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10041: initializer element for `gTrainers[769].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10045: initializer element for `gTrainers[769].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10046: initializer element for `gTrainers[769]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10046: initializer element for `gTrainers[769]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10046: initializer element for `gTrainers[769]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10046: initializer element for `gTrainers[769]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10053: initializer element for `gTrainers[770].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10054: initializer element for `gTrainers[770].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10058: initializer element for `gTrainers[770].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10059: initializer element for `gTrainers[770]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10059: initializer element for `gTrainers[770]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10059: initializer element for `gTrainers[770]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10059: initializer element for `gTrainers[770]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10066: initializer element for `gTrainers[771].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10067: initializer element for `gTrainers[771].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10071: initializer element for `gTrainers[771].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10072: initializer element for `gTrainers[771]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10072: initializer element for `gTrainers[771]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10072: initializer element for `gTrainers[771]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10072: initializer element for `gTrainers[771]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10079: initializer element for `gTrainers[772].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10080: initializer element for `gTrainers[772].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10084: initializer element for `gTrainers[772].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10085: initializer element for `gTrainers[772]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10085: initializer element for `gTrainers[772]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10085: initializer element for `gTrainers[772]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10085: initializer element for `gTrainers[772]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10092: initializer element for `gTrainers[773].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10093: initializer element for `gTrainers[773].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10097: initializer element for `gTrainers[773].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10098: initializer element for `gTrainers[773]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10098: initializer element for `gTrainers[773]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10098: initializer element for `gTrainers[773]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10098: initializer element for `gTrainers[773]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10105: initializer element for `gTrainers[774].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10106: initializer element for `gTrainers[774].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10110: initializer element for `gTrainers[774].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10111: initializer element for `gTrainers[774]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10111: initializer element for `gTrainers[774]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10111: initializer element for `gTrainers[774]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10111: initializer element for `gTrainers[774]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10118: initializer element for `gTrainers[775].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10119: initializer element for `gTrainers[775].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10123: initializer element for `gTrainers[775].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10124: initializer element for `gTrainers[775]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10124: initializer element for `gTrainers[775]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10124: initializer element for `gTrainers[775]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10124: initializer element for `gTrainers[775]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10131: initializer element for `gTrainers[776].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10132: initializer element for `gTrainers[776].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10136: initializer element for `gTrainers[776].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10137: initializer element for `gTrainers[776]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10137: initializer element for `gTrainers[776]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10137: initializer element for `gTrainers[776]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10137: initializer element for `gTrainers[776]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10144: initializer element for `gTrainers[777].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10145: initializer element for `gTrainers[777].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10149: initializer element for `gTrainers[777].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10150: initializer element for `gTrainers[777]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10150: initializer element for `gTrainers[777]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10150: initializer element for `gTrainers[777]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10150: initializer element for `gTrainers[777]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10157: initializer element for `gTrainers[778].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10158: initializer element for `gTrainers[778].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10162: initializer element for `gTrainers[778].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10163: initializer element for `gTrainers[778]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10163: initializer element for `gTrainers[778]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10163: initializer element for `gTrainers[778]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10163: initializer element for `gTrainers[778]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10170: initializer element for `gTrainers[779].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10171: initializer element for `gTrainers[779].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10175: initializer element for `gTrainers[779].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10176: initializer element for `gTrainers[779]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10176: initializer element for `gTrainers[779]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10176: initializer element for `gTrainers[779]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10176: initializer element for `gTrainers[779]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10183: initializer element for `gTrainers[780].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10184: initializer element for `gTrainers[780].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10188: initializer element for `gTrainers[780].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10189: initializer element for `gTrainers[780]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10189: initializer element for `gTrainers[780]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10189: initializer element for `gTrainers[780]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10189: initializer element for `gTrainers[780]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10196: initializer element for `gTrainers[781].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10197: initializer element for `gTrainers[781].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10201: initializer element for `gTrainers[781].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10202: initializer element for `gTrainers[781]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10202: initializer element for `gTrainers[781]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10202: initializer element for `gTrainers[781]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10202: initializer element for `gTrainers[781]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10209: initializer element for `gTrainers[782].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10210: initializer element for `gTrainers[782].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10214: initializer element for `gTrainers[782].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10215: initializer element for `gTrainers[782]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10215: initializer element for `gTrainers[782]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10215: initializer element for `gTrainers[782]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10215: initializer element for `gTrainers[782]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10222: initializer element for `gTrainers[783].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10223: initializer element for `gTrainers[783].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10227: initializer element for `gTrainers[783].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10228: initializer element for `gTrainers[783]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10228: initializer element for `gTrainers[783]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10228: initializer element for `gTrainers[783]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10228: initializer element for `gTrainers[783]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10235: initializer element for `gTrainers[784].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10236: initializer element for `gTrainers[784].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10240: initializer element for `gTrainers[784].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10241: initializer element for `gTrainers[784]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10241: initializer element for `gTrainers[784]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10241: initializer element for `gTrainers[784]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10241: initializer element for `gTrainers[784]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10248: initializer element for `gTrainers[785].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10249: initializer element for `gTrainers[785].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10253: initializer element for `gTrainers[785].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10254: initializer element for `gTrainers[785]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10254: initializer element for `gTrainers[785]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10254: initializer element for `gTrainers[785]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10254: initializer element for `gTrainers[785]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10261: initializer element for `gTrainers[786].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10262: initializer element for `gTrainers[786].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10266: initializer element for `gTrainers[786].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10267: initializer element for `gTrainers[786]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10267: initializer element for `gTrainers[786]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10267: initializer element for `gTrainers[786]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10267: initializer element for `gTrainers[786]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10274: initializer element for `gTrainers[787].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10275: initializer element for `gTrainers[787].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10279: initializer element for `gTrainers[787].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10280: initializer element for `gTrainers[787]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10280: initializer element for `gTrainers[787]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10280: initializer element for `gTrainers[787]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10280: initializer element for `gTrainers[787]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10287: initializer element for `gTrainers[788].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10288: initializer element for `gTrainers[788].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10292: initializer element for `gTrainers[788].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10293: initializer element for `gTrainers[788]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10293: initializer element for `gTrainers[788]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10293: initializer element for `gTrainers[788]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10293: initializer element for `gTrainers[788]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10300: initializer element for `gTrainers[789].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10301: initializer element for `gTrainers[789].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10305: initializer element for `gTrainers[789].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10306: initializer element for `gTrainers[789]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10306: initializer element for `gTrainers[789]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10306: initializer element for `gTrainers[789]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10306: initializer element for `gTrainers[789]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10313: initializer element for `gTrainers[790].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10314: initializer element for `gTrainers[790].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10318: initializer element for `gTrainers[790].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10319: initializer element for `gTrainers[790]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10319: initializer element for `gTrainers[790]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10319: initializer element for `gTrainers[790]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10319: initializer element for `gTrainers[790]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10326: initializer element for `gTrainers[791].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10327: initializer element for `gTrainers[791].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10331: initializer element for `gTrainers[791].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10332: initializer element for `gTrainers[791]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10332: initializer element for `gTrainers[791]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10332: initializer element for `gTrainers[791]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10332: initializer element for `gTrainers[791]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10339: initializer element for `gTrainers[792].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10340: initializer element for `gTrainers[792].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10344: initializer element for `gTrainers[792].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10345: initializer element for `gTrainers[792]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10345: initializer element for `gTrainers[792]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10345: initializer element for `gTrainers[792]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10345: initializer element for `gTrainers[792]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10352: initializer element for `gTrainers[793].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10353: initializer element for `gTrainers[793].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10357: initializer element for `gTrainers[793].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10358: initializer element for `gTrainers[793]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10358: initializer element for `gTrainers[793]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10358: initializer element for `gTrainers[793]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10358: initializer element for `gTrainers[793]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10365: initializer element for `gTrainers[794].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10366: initializer element for `gTrainers[794].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10370: initializer element for `gTrainers[794].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10371: initializer element for `gTrainers[794]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10371: initializer element for `gTrainers[794]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10371: initializer element for `gTrainers[794]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10371: initializer element for `gTrainers[794]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10378: initializer element for `gTrainers[795].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10379: initializer element for `gTrainers[795].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10383: initializer element for `gTrainers[795].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10384: initializer element for `gTrainers[795]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10384: initializer element for `gTrainers[795]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10384: initializer element for `gTrainers[795]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10384: initializer element for `gTrainers[795]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10391: initializer element for `gTrainers[796].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10392: initializer element for `gTrainers[796].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10396: initializer element for `gTrainers[796].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10397: initializer element for `gTrainers[796]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10397: initializer element for `gTrainers[796]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10397: initializer element for `gTrainers[796]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10397: initializer element for `gTrainers[796]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10404: initializer element for `gTrainers[797].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10405: initializer element for `gTrainers[797].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10409: initializer element for `gTrainers[797].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10410: initializer element for `gTrainers[797]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10410: initializer element for `gTrainers[797]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10410: initializer element for `gTrainers[797]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10410: initializer element for `gTrainers[797]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10417: initializer element for `gTrainers[798].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10418: initializer element for `gTrainers[798].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10422: initializer element for `gTrainers[798].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10423: initializer element for `gTrainers[798]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10423: initializer element for `gTrainers[798]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10423: initializer element for `gTrainers[798]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10423: initializer element for `gTrainers[798]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10430: initializer element for `gTrainers[799].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10431: initializer element for `gTrainers[799].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10435: initializer element for `gTrainers[799].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10436: initializer element for `gTrainers[799]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10436: initializer element for `gTrainers[799]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10436: initializer element for `gTrainers[799]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10436: initializer element for `gTrainers[799]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10443: initializer element for `gTrainers[800].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10444: initializer element for `gTrainers[800].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10448: initializer element for `gTrainers[800].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10449: initializer element for `gTrainers[800]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10449: initializer element for `gTrainers[800]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10449: initializer element for `gTrainers[800]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10449: initializer element for `gTrainers[800]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10456: initializer element for `gTrainers[801].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10457: initializer element for `gTrainers[801].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10461: initializer element for `gTrainers[801].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10462: initializer element for `gTrainers[801]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10462: initializer element for `gTrainers[801]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10462: initializer element for `gTrainers[801]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10462: initializer element for `gTrainers[801]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10469: initializer element for `gTrainers[802].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10470: initializer element for `gTrainers[802].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10474: initializer element for `gTrainers[802].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10475: initializer element for `gTrainers[802]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10475: initializer element for `gTrainers[802]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10475: initializer element for `gTrainers[802]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10475: initializer element for `gTrainers[802]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10482: initializer element for `gTrainers[803].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10483: initializer element for `gTrainers[803].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10487: initializer element for `gTrainers[803].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10488: initializer element for `gTrainers[803]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10488: initializer element for `gTrainers[803]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10488: initializer element for `gTrainers[803]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10488: initializer element for `gTrainers[803]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10495: initializer element for `gTrainers[804].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10496: initializer element for `gTrainers[804].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10500: initializer element for `gTrainers[804].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10501: initializer element for `gTrainers[804]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10501: initializer element for `gTrainers[804]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10501: initializer element for `gTrainers[804]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10501: initializer element for `gTrainers[804]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10508: initializer element for `gTrainers[805].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10509: initializer element for `gTrainers[805].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10513: initializer element for `gTrainers[805].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10514: initializer element for `gTrainers[805]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10514: initializer element for `gTrainers[805]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10514: initializer element for `gTrainers[805]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10514: initializer element for `gTrainers[805]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10521: initializer element for `gTrainers[806].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10522: initializer element for `gTrainers[806].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10526: initializer element for `gTrainers[806].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10527: initializer element for `gTrainers[806]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10527: initializer element for `gTrainers[806]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10527: initializer element for `gTrainers[806]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10527: initializer element for `gTrainers[806]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10534: initializer element for `gTrainers[807].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10535: initializer element for `gTrainers[807].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10539: initializer element for `gTrainers[807].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10540: initializer element for `gTrainers[807]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10540: initializer element for `gTrainers[807]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10540: initializer element for `gTrainers[807]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10540: initializer element for `gTrainers[807]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10547: initializer element for `gTrainers[808].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10548: initializer element for `gTrainers[808].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10552: initializer element for `gTrainers[808].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10553: initializer element for `gTrainers[808]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10553: initializer element for `gTrainers[808]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10553: initializer element for `gTrainers[808]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10553: initializer element for `gTrainers[808]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10560: initializer element for `gTrainers[809].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10561: initializer element for `gTrainers[809].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10565: initializer element for `gTrainers[809].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10566: initializer element for `gTrainers[809]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10566: initializer element for `gTrainers[809]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10566: initializer element for `gTrainers[809]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10566: initializer element for `gTrainers[809]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10573: initializer element for `gTrainers[810].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10574: initializer element for `gTrainers[810].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10578: initializer element for `gTrainers[810].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10579: initializer element for `gTrainers[810]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10579: initializer element for `gTrainers[810]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10579: initializer element for `gTrainers[810]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10579: initializer element for `gTrainers[810]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10586: initializer element for `gTrainers[811].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10587: initializer element for `gTrainers[811].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10591: initializer element for `gTrainers[811].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10592: initializer element for `gTrainers[811]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10592: initializer element for `gTrainers[811]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10592: initializer element for `gTrainers[811]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10592: initializer element for `gTrainers[811]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10599: initializer element for `gTrainers[812].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10600: initializer element for `gTrainers[812].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10604: initializer element for `gTrainers[812].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10605: initializer element for `gTrainers[812]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10605: initializer element for `gTrainers[812]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10605: initializer element for `gTrainers[812]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10605: initializer element for `gTrainers[812]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10612: initializer element for `gTrainers[813].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10613: initializer element for `gTrainers[813].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10617: initializer element for `gTrainers[813].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10618: initializer element for `gTrainers[813]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10618: initializer element for `gTrainers[813]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10618: initializer element for `gTrainers[813]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10618: initializer element for `gTrainers[813]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10625: initializer element for `gTrainers[814].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10626: initializer element for `gTrainers[814].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10630: initializer element for `gTrainers[814].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10631: initializer element for `gTrainers[814]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10631: initializer element for `gTrainers[814]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10631: initializer element for `gTrainers[814]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10631: initializer element for `gTrainers[814]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10638: initializer element for `gTrainers[815].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10639: initializer element for `gTrainers[815].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10643: initializer element for `gTrainers[815].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10644: initializer element for `gTrainers[815]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10644: initializer element for `gTrainers[815]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10644: initializer element for `gTrainers[815]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10644: initializer element for `gTrainers[815]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10651: initializer element for `gTrainers[816].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10652: initializer element for `gTrainers[816].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10656: initializer element for `gTrainers[816].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10657: initializer element for `gTrainers[816]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10657: initializer element for `gTrainers[816]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10657: initializer element for `gTrainers[816]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10657: initializer element for `gTrainers[816]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10664: initializer element for `gTrainers[817].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10665: initializer element for `gTrainers[817].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10669: initializer element for `gTrainers[817].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10670: initializer element for `gTrainers[817]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10670: initializer element for `gTrainers[817]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10670: initializer element for `gTrainers[817]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10670: initializer element for `gTrainers[817]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10677: initializer element for `gTrainers[818].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10678: initializer element for `gTrainers[818].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10682: initializer element for `gTrainers[818].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10683: initializer element for `gTrainers[818]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10683: initializer element for `gTrainers[818]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10683: initializer element for `gTrainers[818]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10683: initializer element for `gTrainers[818]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10690: initializer element for `gTrainers[819].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10691: initializer element for `gTrainers[819].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10695: initializer element for `gTrainers[819].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10696: initializer element for `gTrainers[819]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10696: initializer element for `gTrainers[819]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10696: initializer element for `gTrainers[819]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10696: initializer element for `gTrainers[819]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10703: initializer element for `gTrainers[820].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10704: initializer element for `gTrainers[820].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10708: initializer element for `gTrainers[820].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10709: initializer element for `gTrainers[820]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10709: initializer element for `gTrainers[820]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10709: initializer element for `gTrainers[820]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10709: initializer element for `gTrainers[820]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10716: initializer element for `gTrainers[821].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10717: initializer element for `gTrainers[821].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10721: initializer element for `gTrainers[821].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10722: initializer element for `gTrainers[821]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10722: initializer element for `gTrainers[821]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10722: initializer element for `gTrainers[821]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10722: initializer element for `gTrainers[821]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10729: initializer element for `gTrainers[822].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10730: initializer element for `gTrainers[822].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10734: initializer element for `gTrainers[822].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10735: initializer element for `gTrainers[822]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10735: initializer element for `gTrainers[822]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10735: initializer element for `gTrainers[822]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10735: initializer element for `gTrainers[822]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10742: initializer element for `gTrainers[823].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10743: initializer element for `gTrainers[823].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10747: initializer element for `gTrainers[823].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10748: initializer element for `gTrainers[823]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10748: initializer element for `gTrainers[823]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10748: initializer element for `gTrainers[823]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10748: initializer element for `gTrainers[823]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10755: initializer element for `gTrainers[824].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10756: initializer element for `gTrainers[824].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10760: initializer element for `gTrainers[824].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10761: initializer element for `gTrainers[824]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10761: initializer element for `gTrainers[824]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10761: initializer element for `gTrainers[824]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10761: initializer element for `gTrainers[824]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10768: initializer element for `gTrainers[825].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10769: initializer element for `gTrainers[825].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10773: initializer element for `gTrainers[825].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10774: initializer element for `gTrainers[825]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10774: initializer element for `gTrainers[825]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10774: initializer element for `gTrainers[825]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10774: initializer element for `gTrainers[825]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10781: initializer element for `gTrainers[826].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10782: initializer element for `gTrainers[826].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10786: initializer element for `gTrainers[826].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10787: initializer element for `gTrainers[826]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10787: initializer element for `gTrainers[826]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10787: initializer element for `gTrainers[826]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10787: initializer element for `gTrainers[826]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10794: initializer element for `gTrainers[827].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10795: initializer element for `gTrainers[827].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10799: initializer element for `gTrainers[827].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10800: initializer element for `gTrainers[827]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10800: initializer element for `gTrainers[827]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10800: initializer element for `gTrainers[827]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10800: initializer element for `gTrainers[827]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10807: initializer element for `gTrainers[828].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10808: initializer element for `gTrainers[828].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10812: initializer element for `gTrainers[828].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10813: initializer element for `gTrainers[828]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10813: initializer element for `gTrainers[828]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10813: initializer element for `gTrainers[828]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10813: initializer element for `gTrainers[828]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10820: initializer element for `gTrainers[829].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10821: initializer element for `gTrainers[829].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10825: initializer element for `gTrainers[829].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10826: initializer element for `gTrainers[829]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10826: initializer element for `gTrainers[829]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10826: initializer element for `gTrainers[829]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10826: initializer element for `gTrainers[829]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10833: initializer element for `gTrainers[830].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10834: initializer element for `gTrainers[830].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10838: initializer element for `gTrainers[830].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10839: initializer element for `gTrainers[830]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10839: initializer element for `gTrainers[830]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10839: initializer element for `gTrainers[830]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10839: initializer element for `gTrainers[830]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10846: initializer element for `gTrainers[831].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10847: initializer element for `gTrainers[831].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10851: initializer element for `gTrainers[831].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10852: initializer element for `gTrainers[831]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10852: initializer element for `gTrainers[831]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10852: initializer element for `gTrainers[831]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10852: initializer element for `gTrainers[831]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10859: initializer element for `gTrainers[832].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10860: initializer element for `gTrainers[832].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10864: initializer element for `gTrainers[832].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10865: initializer element for `gTrainers[832]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10865: initializer element for `gTrainers[832]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10865: initializer element for `gTrainers[832]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10865: initializer element for `gTrainers[832]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10872: initializer element for `gTrainers[833].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10873: initializer element for `gTrainers[833].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10877: initializer element for `gTrainers[833].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10878: initializer element for `gTrainers[833]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10878: initializer element for `gTrainers[833]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10878: initializer element for `gTrainers[833]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10878: initializer element for `gTrainers[833]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10885: initializer element for `gTrainers[834].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10886: initializer element for `gTrainers[834].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10890: initializer element for `gTrainers[834].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10891: initializer element for `gTrainers[834]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10891: initializer element for `gTrainers[834]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10891: initializer element for `gTrainers[834]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10891: initializer element for `gTrainers[834]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10898: initializer element for `gTrainers[835].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10899: initializer element for `gTrainers[835].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10903: initializer element for `gTrainers[835].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10904: initializer element for `gTrainers[835]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10904: initializer element for `gTrainers[835]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10904: initializer element for `gTrainers[835]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10904: initializer element for `gTrainers[835]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10911: initializer element for `gTrainers[836].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10912: initializer element for `gTrainers[836].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10916: initializer element for `gTrainers[836].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10917: initializer element for `gTrainers[836]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10917: initializer element for `gTrainers[836]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10917: initializer element for `gTrainers[836]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10917: initializer element for `gTrainers[836]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10924: initializer element for `gTrainers[837].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10925: initializer element for `gTrainers[837].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10929: initializer element for `gTrainers[837].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10930: initializer element for `gTrainers[837]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10930: initializer element for `gTrainers[837]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10930: initializer element for `gTrainers[837]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10930: initializer element for `gTrainers[837]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10937: initializer element for `gTrainers[838].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10938: initializer element for `gTrainers[838].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10942: initializer element for `gTrainers[838].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10943: initializer element for `gTrainers[838]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10943: initializer element for `gTrainers[838]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10943: initializer element for `gTrainers[838]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10943: initializer element for `gTrainers[838]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10950: initializer element for `gTrainers[839].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10951: initializer element for `gTrainers[839].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10955: initializer element for `gTrainers[839].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10956: initializer element for `gTrainers[839]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10956: initializer element for `gTrainers[839]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10956: initializer element for `gTrainers[839]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10956: initializer element for `gTrainers[839]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10963: initializer element for `gTrainers[840].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10964: initializer element for `gTrainers[840].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10968: initializer element for `gTrainers[840].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10969: initializer element for `gTrainers[840]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10969: initializer element for `gTrainers[840]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10969: initializer element for `gTrainers[840]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10969: initializer element for `gTrainers[840]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10976: initializer element for `gTrainers[841].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10977: initializer element for `gTrainers[841].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10981: initializer element for `gTrainers[841].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10982: initializer element for `gTrainers[841]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10982: initializer element for `gTrainers[841]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10982: initializer element for `gTrainers[841]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10982: initializer element for `gTrainers[841]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10989: initializer element for `gTrainers[842].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10990: initializer element for `gTrainers[842].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10994: initializer element for `gTrainers[842].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10995: initializer element for `gTrainers[842]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10995: initializer element for `gTrainers[842]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10995: initializer element for `gTrainers[842]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:10995: initializer element for `gTrainers[842]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:11002: initializer element for `gTrainers[843].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:11003: initializer element for `gTrainers[843].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:11007: initializer element for `gTrainers[843].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:11008: initializer element for `gTrainers[843]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:11008: initializer element for `gTrainers[843]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:11008: initializer element for `gTrainers[843]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:11008: initializer element for `gTrainers[843]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:11015: initializer element for `gTrainers[844].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:11016: initializer element for `gTrainers[844].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:11020: initializer element for `gTrainers[844].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:11021: initializer element for `gTrainers[844]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:11021: initializer element for `gTrainers[844]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:11021: initializer element for `gTrainers[844]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:11021: initializer element for `gTrainers[844]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:11028: initializer element for `gTrainers[845].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:11029: initializer element for `gTrainers[845].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:11033: initializer element for `gTrainers[845].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:11034: initializer element for `gTrainers[845]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:11034: initializer element for `gTrainers[845]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:11034: initializer element for `gTrainers[845]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:11034: initializer element for `gTrainers[845]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:11041: initializer element for `gTrainers[846].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:11042: initializer element for `gTrainers[846].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:11046: initializer element for `gTrainers[846].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:11047: initializer element for `gTrainers[846]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:11047: initializer element for `gTrainers[846]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:11047: initializer element for `gTrainers[846]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:11047: initializer element for `gTrainers[846]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:11054: initializer element for `gTrainers[847].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:11055: initializer element for `gTrainers[847].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:11059: initializer element for `gTrainers[847].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:11060: initializer element for `gTrainers[847]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:11060: initializer element for `gTrainers[847]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:11060: initializer element for `gTrainers[847]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:11060: initializer element for `gTrainers[847]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:11067: initializer element for `gTrainers[848].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:11068: initializer element for `gTrainers[848].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:11072: initializer element for `gTrainers[848].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:11073: initializer element for `gTrainers[848]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:11073: initializer element for `gTrainers[848]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:11073: initializer element for `gTrainers[848]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:11073: initializer element for `gTrainers[848]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:11080: initializer element for `gTrainers[849].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:11081: initializer element for `gTrainers[849].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:11085: initializer element for `gTrainers[849].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:11086: initializer element for `gTrainers[849]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:11086: initializer element for `gTrainers[849]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:11086: initializer element for `gTrainers[849]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:11086: initializer element for `gTrainers[849]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:11093: initializer element for `gTrainers[850].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:11094: initializer element for `gTrainers[850].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:11098: initializer element for `gTrainers[850].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:11099: initializer element for `gTrainers[850]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:11099: initializer element for `gTrainers[850]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:11099: initializer element for `gTrainers[850]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:11099: initializer element for `gTrainers[850]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:11106: initializer element for `gTrainers[851].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:11107: initializer element for `gTrainers[851].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:11111: initializer element for `gTrainers[851].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:11112: initializer element for `gTrainers[851]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:11112: initializer element for `gTrainers[851]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:11112: initializer element for `gTrainers[851]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:11112: initializer element for `gTrainers[851]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:11119: initializer element for `gTrainers[852].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:11120: initializer element for `gTrainers[852].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:11124: initializer element for `gTrainers[852].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:11125: initializer element for `gTrainers[852]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:11125: initializer element for `gTrainers[852]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:11125: initializer element for `gTrainers[852]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:11125: initializer element for `gTrainers[852]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:11132: initializer element for `gTrainers[853].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:11133: initializer element for `gTrainers[853].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:11137: initializer element for `gTrainers[853].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:11138: initializer element for `gTrainers[853]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:11138: initializer element for `gTrainers[853]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:11138: initializer element for `gTrainers[853]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:11138: initializer element for `gTrainers[853]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:11145: initializer element for `gTrainers[854].trainerName' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:11146: initializer element for `gTrainers[854].items' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:11150: initializer element for `gTrainers[854].party' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:11151: initializer element for `gTrainers[854]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:11151: initializer element for `gTrainers[854]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:11151: initializer element for `gTrainers[854]' is not constant
src/data/trainers.h:11151: initializer element for `gTrainers[854]' is not constant
make: *** [Makefile:261: build/emerald/src/data.o] Error 1
make: *** Waiting for unfinished jobs....
